sorcerer	['If he’d once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football?“Hagrid,” he said quietly, “I think you must have made a mistake.']	"{'sorcerer', 'n. 男巫士, 魔术师\n[法] 男巫师, 魔法师', ""'sɒ:sәrә"", 'n. one who practices magic or sorcery'}"
privet	[]	"{'privet', 'n. any of various Old World shrubs having smooth entire leaves and terminal panicles of small white flowers followed by small black berries; many used for hedges', ""'privit"", 'n. 女贞'}"
beefy	['He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache.']	"{'s. muscular and heavily built', 'beefy', 'a. (牛)多肉的, 象牛肉的, 粗壮的, 结实的', ""'bi:fi""}"
mustache	['He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache.', 'He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking…no, he was being stupid.', 'He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', 'They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.“That does it,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.', 'No arguments!”He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue.', 'He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']	"{'mustache', 'n. 髭, 胡子', 'n. an unshaved growth of hair on the upper lip', ""'mʌstæʃ""}"
dudley	[]	"{'dudley', ""'dʌdli, 'dju-"", 'n. 达德利（姓氏）', ''}"
finer	['The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.']	"{""s. (comparative of `fine') greater in quality or excellence"", ""'fainә"", 'a. 出色的, 好的', 'finer'}"
pretended	['Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley’s sister, but they hadn’t met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn’t have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.', 'After all, they normally pretended she didn’t have a sister.“No,” she said sharply.', 'I spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers away from the forest.”The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons.']	"{'a. 假装的；虚假的', 'pretended', 'v make believe with the intent to deceive\nv behave unnaturally or affectedly\nv put forward a claim and assert right or possession of\nv put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation\nv represent fictitiously, as in a play, or pretend to be or act like\nv state insincerely\ns adopted in order to deceive', ""pri'tendid. pri:-""}"
woke	"['This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.', ""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'Now!”Harry woke with a start.', ""“Don’ mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o’ doormice in one o’ the pockets.”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIVEDIAGON ALLEYH arry woke early the next morning."", '“Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.”Harry woke at five o’clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors.', 'One morning in mid-December, Hogwarts woke to find itself covered in several feet of snow.', 'When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.', 'Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.', 'I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered we’d done that one.”Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn’t have anything to do with work, though.']"	{'woke', 'wake的过去式和过去分词', 'v be awake, be alert, be there\nv stop sleeping\nv arouse or excite feelings and passions\nv make aware of\nv cause to become awake or conscious', 'wәuk'}
dull	['This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.', 'The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.“Daddy’s gone mad, hasn’t he?” Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon.', 'Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut.']	{'v. make dull in appearance\nv. become dull or lusterless in appearance; lose shine or brightness\nv. make dull or blunt\nv. make less lively or vigorous', 'a. 钝的, 无趣的, 呆滞的, 阴暗的\nvt. 使迟钝, 使阴暗, 缓和\nvi. 变迟钝, 减少', 'dull', 'dʌl'}
happily	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn’t carry on.“That Quidditch Cup’ll have our name on it this year,” said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn’t meet anyone.And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily.', '“No more studying,” Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass.']	"{""'hæpili"", 'r. in a joyous manner\nr. in an unexpectedly lucky way', 'adv. 幸福地, 快乐地, 幸好', 'happily'}"
screaming	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'And they’ve got this son — I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.', 'He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!', 'He stepped in front of it.He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.']	"{'s. so extremely intense as to evoke screams\ns. resembling a scream in effect', ""'skri:miŋ"", 'a. 发出尖叫声的, 极滑稽的, 惊人的', 'screaming'}"
tawny	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.']	"{'a. 黄褐色的, 茶色的\nn. 黄褐色', 'tawny', 's. of a light brown to brownish orange color; the color of tanned leather', ""'tɒ:ni""}"
flutter	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', 'This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harry’s plate.', 'They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or they’ll all want one.', 'It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.“This,” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the most important ball of the lot.', 'Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.', 'Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the crowd.', 'Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!', 'He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth.', 'It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.']	"{'n. abnormally rapid beating of the auricles of the heart (especially in a regular rhythm); can result in heart block\nv. flap the wings rapidly or fly with flapping movements', 'flutter', ""'flʌtә"", 'n. 摆动, 鼓翼, 烦扰\nvi. 摆动, 鼓翼, 烦扰\nvt. 拍(翅), 使焦急\n[计] 颤动'}"
pecked	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Peck', 'v. 啄, 啄食, 小口地吃( peck的过去式和过去分词 ); 匆匆地吻', 'pekt', 'pecked'}
cheek	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', '“All right, dear, well, have a good term — send me an owl when you get there.”She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left.', 'I can help you there.”He held out his hand to shake Harry’s, but Harry didn’t take it.“I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,” he said coolly.Draco Malfoy didn’t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.“I’d be careful if I were you, Potter,” he said slowly.', 'Over the noise, Snape said, “And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Potter.”Things didn’t improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson continued.', 'Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.']	{'n. either side of the face below the eyes\nv. speak impudently to', 'cheek', 'n. 颊, 厚颜, 脸蛋\n[医] 颊', 'tʃi:k'}
tantrum	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, “And we’ll buy you another two presents while we’re out today.', 'They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.After lunch they went to the reptile house.']	"{'tantrum', 'n. 发脾气, 发怒\n[医] 暴怒, 发脾气', ""'tæntrәm"", 'n a display of bad temper'}"
cereal	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.']	"{'n. grass whose starchy grains are used as food: wheat; rice; rye; oats; maize; buckwheat; millet\nn. a breakfast food prepared from grain\na. made of grain or relating to grain or the plants that produce it', ""'siәriәl"", 'cereal', 'n. 谷类食品, 谷类植物\na. 谷类的'}"
tyke	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', '“All right then.”Uncle Vernon chuckled.“Little tyke wants his money’s worth, just like his father.']	{'taik', 'tyke', 'n. a native of Yorkshire', 'n. 小孩子, 狗(尤指杂种狗), 卑鄙的人'}
peculiar	['He got into his car and backed out of number four’s drive.It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar — a cat reading a map.', 'In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it.', 'You-Know-Who was one.”“Vol-, sorry —You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?”“Years an’ years ago,” said Hagrid.They bought Harry’s school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all.', 'He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.And now there were only three people left to be sorted.']	"{'s. markedly different from the usual\ns. characteristic of one only; distinctive or special', 'peculiar', ""pi'kju:ljә"", 'a. 奇特的, 罕见的, 特殊的, 特别的\nn. 特有财产, 特权'}"
tabby	['There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn’t a map in sight.', 'He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination.As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw — and it didn’t improve his mood — was the tabby cat he’d spotted that morning.', 'He didn’t look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.“Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.”He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone.', 'He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street.']	"{'n. a cat with a grey or tawny coat mottled with black\nn. female cat', 'n. 平纹, 斑猫\nvt. 使起波纹\na. 平纹组织的, 起波纹的', 'tabby', ""'tæbi""}"
blinked	"['Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat.', 'For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', ""Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SIXTHE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERSH arry’s last month with the Dursleys wasn’t fun."", 'He tried to catch it, but his arms were too heavy.He blinked.', 'How strange.He blinked again.']"	{'bliŋkt', 'v. 眨眼睛( blink的过去式 ); 闪亮, 闪烁', 'imp. & p. p. of Blink', 'blinked'}
strangely	['As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn’t help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.“Well, there you are, boy.', 'No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s broom was behaving strangely.', 'Quirrell’s head looked strangely small without it.']	"{'r in a strange manner', 'adv. 奇妙地, 奇怪地, 不可思议地', ""'streindʒli"", 'strangely'}"
huddle	['He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by.', 'Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.']	"{'huddle', ""'hʌdl"", 'n. 杂乱一团, 混乱, 拥挤\nvt. 把...挤在一起, 乱堆, 草率了事, 蜷曲\nvi. 挤作一团, 蜷缩', 'n. (informal) a quick private conference\nn. a disorganized and densely packed crowd\nv. crowd or draw together\nv. crouch or curl up'}"
whispering	['They were whispering excitedly together.', 'This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn’t see a single collecting tin.', 'No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she’d learned and wondering which one she’d need.', 'Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn’t be.He had to start somewhere.']	"{'n. 低语, 私语, 耳语, 流言, 谣言, 沙沙声, 飒飒声\na. 传播流言蜚语的', 'whispering', 'n a light noise, like the noise of silk clothing or leaves blowing in the wind\nn speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords\nv speak softly; in a low voice\ns making a low continuous indistinct sound', ""'(h)wispәriŋ""}"
excitedly	['They were whispering excitedly together.', 'This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn’t see a single collecting tin.', 'He opened it excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.“It’s a Remembrall!” he explained.', 'Charlie Weasley couldn’t have done it.”Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.“Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?” he asked excitedly.“Wood’s captain of the Gryffindor team,” Professor McGonagall explained.“He’s just the build for a Seeker, too,” said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.“I never thought to look in here!” she whispered excitedly.']	"{'adv. 兴奋地', ""ik'saitidli"", 'r. with excitement; in an excited manner', 'excitedly'}"
enraged	['Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren’t young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak!']	{'enˈreɪdʒd', 'enraged', 'v put into a rage; make violently angry\ns marked by extreme anger', 'v. 使暴怒( enrage的过去式和过去分词 ); 歜; 激愤'}
cloak	"['People in cloaks.', 'Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren’t young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak!', 'He was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he’d stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.He’d for gotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of them next to the baker’s.', 'He didn’t blame her — if he’d had a sister like that…but all the same, those people in cloaks.…He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o’clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.“Sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell.', 'It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak.', 'Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place?', 'He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.', 'He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something.', 'Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat.', 'She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one.', 'But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two.', 'He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.', 'He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.', 'It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.', '“I’m sure it is — try it on.”Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.“It is!', 'He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.“There’s a note!” said Ron suddenly.', '“A note fell out of it!”Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter.', 'Ron was admiring the cloak.“I’d give anything for one of these,” he said.', 'Who had sent the cloak?', 'Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight.', 'Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster.', 'Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it.His father’s…this had been his father’s.', 'He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself.', 'The whole of Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak.', 'Something held him back — his father’s cloak — he felt that this time — the first time — he wanted to use it alone.He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.“Who’s there?” squawked the Fat Lady.', 'He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.The library was pitch-black and very eerie.', 'They couldn’t see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor and if they came much nearer they’d knock right into him — the cloak didn’t stop him from being solid.He backed away as quietly as he could.', 'With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night.', 'Harry dropped the cloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror.There they were.', 'They hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking.“Quick!”Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door.', 'Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing — did the cloak work on cats?', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', 'Now, why don’t you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?”Harry stood up.“Sir — Professor Dumbledore?', ""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk."", '“We’ll have another little chat soon, when you’ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.”He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing.', 'Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harry’s invisibility cloak.', 'They can meet you there and take him away while it’s still dark.Send me an answer as soon as possible.Love,CharlieThey looked at one another.“We’ve got the invisibility cloak,” said Harry.', '“It shouldn’t be too difficult – I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and Norbert.”It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him.', 'And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.”They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.“I won’t let you in,” he puffed.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', 'Not until they’d stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", 'How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak?', 'Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.Had Harry thought that things couldn’t have been worse?', 'Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground.', 'The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal’s side, and began to drink its blood.“AAAAAAAAAARGH!”Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang.', 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.', 'What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?”“Dunno,” said Hagrid casually, “he wouldn’ take his cloak off.”He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.“It’s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the Hog’s Head — that’s the pub down in the village.', '“Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak — it must’ve been easy, once he’d got Hagrid drunk.', 'Voldemort killed my parents, remember?”He glared at them.“You’re right Harry,” said Hermione in a small voice.“I’ll use the invisibility cloak,” said Harry.', 'Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.“Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning.', 'He pulled out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas.', 'He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like singing.He ran back down to the common room.“We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —”“What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.', '“Oh, Neville, I’m so sorry.”“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Harry.“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen.', 'Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two.“If you want to go back, I won’t blame you,” he said.', '“You can take the cloak, I won’t need it now.”“Don’t be stupid,” said Ron.“We’re coming,” said Hermione.Harry pushed the door open.As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears.', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.', 'When he had found his voice again, Harry said, “And the invisibility cloak — do you know who sent it to me?”“Ah — your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it.” Dumbledore’s eyes twinkled.', '“Sending you your father’s cloak and everything?”“Well, ” Hermione exploded, “if he did — I mean to say that’s terrible — you could have been killed.”“No, it isn’t,” said Harry thoughtfully.']"	{'klәuk', 'cloak', 'n. anything that covers or conceals\nn. a loose outer garment\nv. cover with or as if with a cloak', 'n. 斗蓬, 大氅, 掩护\nvt. 遮掩, 隐匿, 使披斗蓬'}
stunt	['But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt —these people were obviously collecting for something…yes, that would be it.']	{'stʌnt', 'n. a difficult or unusual or dangerous feat; usually done to gain attention\nn. a creature (especially a whale) that has been prevented from attaining full growth\nv. check the growth or development of\nv. perform a stunt or stunts', 'stunt', 'n. 特技, 绝技, 花招, 噱头, 手腕, 发育不良\nvt. 阻碍成长\nvi. 表演特技'}
ninth	['Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor.']	{'ninth', 'num. 第九, 九分之一', 'n. position nine in a countable series of things\ns. coming next after the eighth and just before the tenth in position', 'nainθ'}
daylight	['He didn’t see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.', 'Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise.', 'Owls flying by daylight?', 'People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.“It was a dream, he told himself firmly.']	"{""'deilait"", 'n. 白昼, 日光\nvt. 使沐浴于日光\nvi. 享有日光', 'n. light during the daytime', 'daylight'}"
openmouthed	[]	"{'a. 张嘴的, 惊讶的', 'openmouthed', ""'əʊpənmaʊðd"", 's with eyes or mouth open in surprise'}"
sped	"['He didn’t see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.', 'Professor McGonagall gasped.“Lily and James…I can’t believe it…I didn’t want to believe it…Oh, Albus…”Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.', 'He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street.', 'What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped.Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach.', 'Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.“Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?” Harry asked.“Spells — enchantments,” said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke.', 'A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped.', 'This seemed to cheer Ron up.“…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —”Ron gasped.“What?” said Harry.“You said You-Know-Who’s name!” said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.', 'Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air — several people behind him screamed.“What the —?”He gasped.', 'He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin.', 'They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.Malfoy and Crabbe weren’t there yet.', 'Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.I — told — you,” Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, “I — told — you.”“We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,” said Ron, “quickly as possible.”“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Harry.', 'What a feeling — he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'Then the whole crowd gasped.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'Ron gasped.“I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione.', 'In stinking Slytherin.”Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.“Thanks, Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?”As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.“Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —”He gasped.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'All three of you will receive detentions — yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch match.“Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.“Professor — please —”“You can’t —”“Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter.', 'He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up.”“But what can we —”Hermione gasped.', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?', 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.', ""It wasn’t even Voldemort.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SEVENTEENTHE MAN WITH TWO FACESI t was Quirrell.“You!” gasped Harry.Quirrell smiled."", 'But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.', 'Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell’s turban, Hermione screamed out loud.“So the Stone’s gone?” said Ron finally.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']"	{'v move fast\nv move faster\nv move very fast\nv travel at an excessive or illegal velocity\nv cause to move faster', 'sped', 'speed的过去式和过去分词'}
nighttime	['Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime.', 'The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.“Now what am I going to do?” she asked shrilly.“That’s your problem,” said Ron.', 'They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.“Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled.']	{'', 'n the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside', 'nighttime', 'n. 夜间'}
angrily	['He eyed them angrily as he passed.', 'I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.”Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.“Oh yes, I’ve celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently.', '“I have burned it.”“It was not a mistake,” said Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.”“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling.', 'You told me they died in a car crash!”“CAR CRASH!” roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner.', 'Five points from Gryffindor.”“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away.', 'A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.', '“You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.”Harry was rubbing his forehead.“I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily.']	"{'r. with anger', 'angrily', ""'æŋgrili"", 'adv. 愤怒地'}"
uneasy	['He didn’t know why, but they made him uneasy.', 'Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.']	"{'uneasy', 'a. lacking a sense of security or affording no ease or reassurance\ns. relating to bodily unease that causes discomfort', 'a. 心神不安的, 不自在的, 不稳定的, 不舒服的', "".ʌn'i:zi""}"
doughnut	['It was on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying.“The Potters, that’s right, that’s what I heard —”“ — yes, their son, Harry —”Mr.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.']	"{'n. 油炸圈饼, 环状物\n[计] 圆环图', 'doughnut', 'n. a small ring-shaped friedcake', ""'dәunʌt""}"
flooded	['Fear flooded him.', 'All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone’s attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls.', 'Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the dark and silence.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.']	{'', 'v fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid\nv cover with liquid, usually water\nv supply with an excess of\nv become filled to overflowing\ns covered with water', 'flooded', 'a. 洪水浸没的；浸没的, 淹没的；灌溉；充斥'}
dashed	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', 'He dashed to the mirror.', '“I might get lucky again.”Hermione’s lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.“Hermione!”“Harry — you’re a great wizard, you know.”“I’m not as good as you,” said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.“Me!” said Hermione.']	{'n. 虚线', 'dæʃt', 'dashed', 's. having gaps or spaces'}
hurried	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', 'He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination.As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw — and it didn’t improve his mood — was the tabby cat he’d spotted that morning.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.“What’s going on?”“Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.”Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.“Just looking,” he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson.', '“Only don’t tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret.”Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.“Well done,” said George in a low voice.', 'Filch must have hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didn’t see him anywhere, but they hardly cared — all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster.', '“Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!”Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.“It’s no wonder no one can stand her,” he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “she’s a nightmare, honestly.”Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.', '“But Percy’d better not see us.”Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom.', 'You may go.”They hurried out of the chamber and didn’t speak at all until they had climbed two floors up.', 'Then, none of them looking at each other, they all said “Thanks,” and hurried off to get plates.But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend.', '“We must’ve been through hundreds of books already and we can’t find him anywhere — just give us a hint — I know I’ve read his name somewhere.”“I’m sayin’ nothin’, said Hagrid flatly.“Just have to find out for ourselves, then,” said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.They had indeed been searching books for Flamel’s name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal?', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.', 'When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest.', '“The unicorn’s dead, Hagrid, it’s in that clearing back there.”“This is where I leave you,” Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.']	"{'a. 匆忙的, 仓促的, 草率的', ""'hʌrid"", 'a. moving rapidly or performed quickly or in great haste', 'hurried'}"
snapped	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', '“Owls…shooting stars…and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today.…”“So?” snapped Mrs. Dursley.“Well, I just thought…maybe…it was something to do with…you know…her crowd.”Mrs.', 'And don’t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy’s birthday.”Harry groaned.“What did you say?” his aunt snapped through the door.“Nothing, nothing…”Dudley’s birthday — how could he have forgotten?', 'Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question.“Your new school uniform,” she said.Harry looked in the bowl again.“Oh,” he said, “I didn’t realize it had to be so wet.”“Don’t be stupid,” snapped Aunt Petunia.', 'Your aunt and I have been thinking…you’re really getting a bit big for it…we think it might be nice if you moved into Dudley’s second bedroom.“Why?” said Harry.“Don’t ask questions!” snapped his uncle.', 'They snapped me wand in half an’ everything.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?” said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.“Er — yes, they did, yes,” said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.', 'Snape, however, was not pleased.“Sit down,” he snapped at Hermione.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', '“Go back to bed!”“I almost told your brother,” Hermione snapped, “Percy — he’s a prefect, he’d put a stop to this.”Harry couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering.“Come on,” he said to Ron.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', '“You don’t use your eyes, any of you, do you?” she snapped.', '“Comets look flashy, but they’re not in the same league as the Nimbus.”“What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn’t afford half the handle,” Malfoy snapped back.', 'As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron’s arm.“I’ve just thought — Hermione.”“What about her?”“She doesn’t know about the troll.”Ron bit his lip.“Oh, all right,” he snapped.', '“I know he’s not very nice, but he wouldn’t try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.”“Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,” snapped Ron.', 'Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note.', 'They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.“I know,” Ron snapped.', 'Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.“You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy.Ron snapped.', 'Harry and Ron wouldn’t have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.“Hermione, the exams are ages away.”“Ten weeks,” Hermione snapped.', 'It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.', '“I’m ready!”Harry turned to Hermione.“Do something,” he said desperately.Hermione stepped forward.“Neville,” she said, “I’m really, really sorry about this.”She raised her wand.“Petrificus Totalus!” she cried, pointing it at Neville.Neville’s arms snapped to his sides.', '“Let me think — let me think…”The white queen turned her blank face toward him.“Yes…” said Ron softly, “It’s the only way…I’ve got to be taken.”“NO!” Harry and Hermione shouted.“That’s chess!” snapped Ron.', 'All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular…and what a waste of time, when after all that, I’m going to kill you tonight.”Quirrell snapped his fingers.']	"{'snapped', '', ""v utter in an angry, sharp, or abrupt tone\nv separate or cause to separate abruptly\nv break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension\nv move or strike with a noise\nv close with a snapping motion\nv make a sharp sound\nv move with a snapping sound\nv to grasp hastily or eagerly\nv put in play with a snap\nv cause to make a snapping sound\nv lose control of one's emotions\nv bring the jaws together\nv record on photographic film"", 'v. 啪啪作响；突然中断；猛咬；给…拍快照（snap的过去分词）'}"
disturb	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', 'He wouldn’t have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself — no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long.']	"{'disturb', 'vt. 扰乱, 妨碍, 使不安\n[法] 滋扰, 扰乱', 'v. move deeply\nv. damage as if by shaking or jarring', ""dis'tә:b""}"
dialing	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.']	{'', 'n. 拨号\n[计] 拨号, 主叫', 'v operate a dial to select a telephone number\nv choose by means of a dial', 'dialing'}
nephew	"['Come to think of it, he wasn’t even sure his nephew was called Harry.', ""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all.""]"	"{'n. a son of your brother or sister', 'n. 侄子, 外甥', 'nephew', ""'nefju:""}"
worrying	['There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister.', 'I’ve got loads to learn.…I bet,” he added, voicing for the first time something that had been worrying him a lot lately, “I bet I’m the worst in the class.”“You won’t be.', 'He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable saying “Voldemort” without worrying.“What’s your Quidditch team?” Ron asked.“Er — I don’t know any.” Harry confessed.“What!” Ron looked dumbfounded.']	"{'worrying', 'a. 使人烦恼的, 忧虑重重的', ""'wʌriiŋ"", 'n. the act of moving something by repeated tugs or pushes'}"
violet	['It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet cloak.', 'A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.']	"{'n. any of numerous low-growing violas with small flowers\nn. a variable color that lies beyond blue in the spectrum', 'violet', 'n. 堇菜, 紫罗兰\na. 堇菜科的, 紫罗兰色的', ""'vaiәlit""}"
squeaky	['On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, “Don’t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today!']	"{'s having or making a high-pitched sound such as that made by a mouse or a rusty hinge', 'a. 吱吱响的, 发轧声的', ""'skwi:ki"", 'squeaky'}"
stare	['Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat.', 'It stared back.', 'On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, “Don’t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today!', 'About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry’s.It winked.Harry stared.', 'Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon’s sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and — a letter for Harry.Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band.', 'Oh my goodness — Vernon!”They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room.', 'He sat down on the bed and stared around him.', 'The woman stared.“I’ll take them,” said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following her from the dining room.', 'An’ like I told yeh, I’m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yeh’ll know all about Hogwarts, o’ course.“Er — no,” said Harry.Hagrid looked shocked.“Sorry,” Harry said quickly.“Sorry?” barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows.', 'Yer parents’ world.”“What world?”Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.“DURSLEY!” he boomed.Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.“But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” he said.', 'My — my mom and dad weren’t famous, were they?”“Yeh don’ know...yeh don’ know....” Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.“Yeh don’ know what yeh are?” he said finally.Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.“Stop!” he commanded.', 'Ah, Harry, I don’ know if I’m the right person ter tell yeh — but someone’s gotta — yeh can’t go off ter Hogwarts not knowin’.”He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.“Well, it’s best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh — mind, I can’t tell yeh everythin’, it’s a great myst’ry, parts of it.…”He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, “It begins, I suppose, with — with a person called — but it’s incredible yeh don’t know his name, everyone in our world knows —”“Who?”“Well — I don’ like sayin’ the name if I can help it.', 'Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station.', 'Hagrid, who didn’t understand “Muggle money,” as he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.People stared more than ever on the train.', 'Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.“I remember every wand I’ve ever sold, Mr. Potter.', 'He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.“I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o’clock,” he read.His aunt and uncle stared.“Platform what?”“Nine and three-quarters.”“Don’t talk rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon.', 'Go on, go now before Ron.”“Er — okay,” said Harry.He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier.', 'Ron stared.“So that’s where You-Know-Who —?”“Yes,” said Harry, “but I can’t remember it.”“Nothing?” said Ron eagerly.“Well — I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.”“Wow,” said Ron.', 'He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.“Are all your family wizards?” asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.“Er — Yes, I think so,” said Ron.', 'Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', '“Weird!”Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile.', 'It’s been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don’t suppose you get that with the Muggles — someone tried to rob a high security vault.”Harry stared.“Really?', 'Aunt Petunia wouldn’t have let it in the house.Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing — noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too.', 'Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going to bed.”Ron stared after her, his mouth open.“No, we don’t mind,” he said.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'He stared through his binoculars.', 'Harry stared at the note.', 'And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry’s knobbly knees — Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them.', 'I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.”Harry stared.“One can never have enough socks,” said Dumbledore.', 'He stared at the back of the card.', 'He flung back his head and stared at the sky.', 'He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.', 'Harry and Ron wheeled round.Snape was standing there.“Good afternoon,” he said smoothly.They stared at him.“You shouldn’t be inside on a day like this,” he said, with an odd, twisted smile.“We were —” Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.“You want to be more careful,” said Snape.', '“Snape came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him, and I’ve only just got away, I don’t know where Snape went.”“Well, that’s it then, isn’t it?” Harry said.The other two stared at him.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.', 'Tried to frighten me — as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side….”Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.“I see the Stone…I’m presenting it to my master…but where is it?”Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn’t give.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.“Good afternoon, Harry,” said Dumbledore.Harry stared at him.']	"{'stare', ""n. a fixed look with eyes open wide\nv. fixate one's eyes"", 'stєә', 'vi. 注视, 凝视, 瞪视, 显眼\nvt. 盯\nn. 凝视'}"
rejoice	[]	"{""ri'dʒɒis"", 'v. feel happiness or joy', 'vt. 使欢喜\nvi. 欣喜, 高兴, 庆祝', 'rejoice'}"
muggles	[]	{'muggles', '', 'n. 香烟之一种'}
rooted	['Dursley stood rooted to the spot.', 'Well, they can’t be far, we’ll catch them.”Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner ahead.']	"{""'ru:tid"", 'a. 生根的, 有根的, 根深蒂固的', ""v take root and begin to grow\nv come into existence, originate\nv plant by the roots\nv dig with the snout\nv become settled or established and stable in one's residence or life style\nv cause to take roots\ns absolutely still"", 'rooted'}"
rattled	['He was rattled.', 'Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows.', 'They hadn’t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.It was Peeves.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.']	"{'a. 慌乱的, 激动得不知所措的, 愚蠢的', 'rattled', ""'rætld"", ""v make short successive sounds\nv shake and cause to make a rattling noise\ns thrown into a state of agitated confusion; (`rattled' is an informal term)""}"
driveway	['He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination.As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw — and it didn’t improve his mood — was the tabby cat he’d spotted that morning.']	"{'n. 车道', ""'draivwei"", 'n. a road leading up to a private house', 'driveway'}"
spotted	['He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he didn’t approve of imagination.As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw — and it didn’t improve his mood — was the tabby cat he’d spotted that morning.', 'Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.', 'He came ter yer house an’ — an’ —”Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.“Sorry,” he said.', 'Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands…well, if I’d known what that wand was going out into the world to do.…”He shook his head and then, to Harry’s relief, spotted Hagrid.“Rubeus!', 'Harry spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron.', 'Or at least, they didn’t until they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.', '“Only don’t tell anyone, Wood wants to keep it a secret.”Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over.“Well done,” said George in a low voice.', 'just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.“It’s here — just here — yes!”They pushed the door open.', 'Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.“You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy.Ron snapped.', 'Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who’ve spotted them, to make them forget.”“So what on earth’s Hagrid up to?” said Hermione.When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’s hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.', 'At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.']	"{'v catch sight of\nv detect with the senses\nv mar or impair with a flaw\nv make a spot or mark onto\nv become spotted\nv mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition\ns having spots or patches (small areas of contrasting color or texture)', 'a. 有斑点的, 斑纹的, 弄污了的', ""'spɒtid"", 'spotted'}"
shoo	['Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve had a downpour of shooting stars!', '“Owls…shooting stars…and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today.…”“So?” snapped Mrs. Dursley.“Well, I just thought…maybe…it was something to do with…you know…her crowd.”Mrs.', 'Flocks of owls…shooting stars…Well, they’re not completely stupid.', 'For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', '“Oh, I see — so you’ve never been to Brazil?”As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.', 'He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they went again.', 'Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.”He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry’s whole arm.“What about that tea then, eh?” he said, rubbing his hands together.', 'He remembers me!” Harry shook hands again and again — Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously.', 'Come on, Harry.”Doris Crockford shook Harry’s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.Hagrid grinned at Harry.“Told yeh, didn’t I?', 'Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands…well, if I’d known what that wand was going out into the world to do.…”He shook his head and then, to Harry’s relief, spotted Hagrid.“Rubeus!', '“Everywhere else is full.”Harry shook his head and the boy sat down.', 'He looked tearful.“Sorry,” he said, “but have you seen a toad at all?”When they shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve lost him!', 'Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter!', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.', 'They hadn’t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.It was Peeves.', 'A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages — I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.“Well, that’s it any questions?”Harry shook his head.', '“Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?”Harry shook his head.“Let me explain.', '“Report him!”Neville shook his head.“I don’t want more trouble,” he mumbled.“You’ve got to stand up to him, Neville!” said Ron.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.', '“I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—”Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen.', '“How are yeh?”He walked forward and shook the centaur’s hand.“Good evening to you, Hagrid,” said Ronan.', '“Were you going to shoot me?”“Can’t be too careful, Ronan,” said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.', 'He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.', 'At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.']	"{'interj. 嘘(赶鸟时所发声音)\nv. 发出嘘声赶', 'ʃu:', 'shoo', ""v drive away by crying `shoo!'""}"
stern	['It just gave him a stern look.', 'But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?” said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.“Er — yes, they did, yes,” said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.', 'He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.”“Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?”Their mother suddenly became very stern.“I forbid you to ask him, Fred.', 'She had a very stern face and Harry’s first thought was that this was not someone to cross.“The firs’ years, Professor McGonagall,” said Hagrid.“Thank you, Hagrid.', 'Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn’t look Severus Snape in the face for weeks.…”Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.“I want to hear you’re training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind about punishing you.”Then she suddenly smiled.“Your father would have been proud,” she said.']	{'n. 尾部, 船尾, 臀\na. 严厉的, 严格的, 坚定的, 坚决的', 'stә:n', 'n. the rear part of a ship\nn. United States concert violinist (born in Russia in 1920)\ns. severe and unremitting in making demands', 'stern'}
unusually	['When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:“And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation’s owls have been behaving very unusually today.']	"{'unusually', ""ʌn'ju:ʒәli"", 'adv. 不寻常地, 异乎寻常地, (非正式)非常', 'r. to a remarkable degree or extent'}"
newscaster	['Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.” The newscaster allowed himself a grin.']	"{'newscaster', 'n. someone who broadcasts the news', ""'nju:z.kɑ:stә"", 'n. 新闻广播员, 新闻评论广播员'}"
grin	['Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly changed their sleeping pattern.” The newscaster allowed himself a grin.', '“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', '“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'Come on, Harry.”Doris Crockford shook Harry’s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.Hagrid grinned at Harry.“Told yeh, didn’t I?', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn’t come in.“That’s Hagrid,” said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn’t.', 'Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.“Well, there you are, boy.', 'Harry grinned back.', 'What did you say you’ve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?” Ron grinned at Harry.', 'Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of these days, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid.', 'It was Malfoy.“Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn’t see you there.”Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.“Wonder how long Potter’s going to stay on his broom this time?', 'Some of them called:“Bye, Harry!”“See you, Potter!”“Still famous,” said Ron, grinning at him.“Not where I’m going, I promise you,” said Harry.He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.', '“Hurry up, boy, we haven’t got all day.” He walked away.Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.“See you over the summer, then.”“Hope you have — er — a good holiday,” said Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.“Oh, I will,” said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face.']	{'n. 露齿笑\nv. 露齿而笑', 'v. to draw back the lips and reveal the teeth, in a smile, grimace, or snarl', 'grin'}
weatherman	['Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?”“Well, Ted,” said the weatherman, “I don’t know about that, but it’s not only the owls that have been acting oddly today.']	"{'n. 气象员；天气预报员', 'weatherman', 'n. predicts the weather', ""'weðәmæn""}"
oddly	['Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?”“Well, Ted,” said the weatherman, “I don’t know about that, but it’s not only the owls that have been acting oddly today.', 'One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.']	"{""'ɒdli"", 'oddly', 'adv. 奇怪地', 'r in a manner differing from the usual or expected\nr in a strange manner'}"
downpour	['Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, they’ve had a downpour of shooting stars!']	"{'n. a heavy rain', ""'daunpɔ:"", 'n. 倾盆大雨；注下', 'downpour'}"
bonfire	[]	"{'n. 大篝火, 营火', 'bonfire', ""'bɒnfaiә"", 'n. a large outdoor fire that is lighted as a signal or in celebration'}"
armchair	['Dursley sat frozen in his armchair.', 'They all scrambled through it — Neville needed a leg up — and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.', 'A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows.', 'They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.It was a while before any of them said anything.', 'They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire.', 'Why didn’t I see it before?”“What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn’t answer.Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.“Hullo,” he said, smiling.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.']	"{"".ɑ:m'tʃєә"", 'armchair', 'n. chair with a support on each side for arms', 'n. 扶手椅'}"
whisper	"['They were whispering excitedly together.', 'This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn’t see a single collecting tin.', 'He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', 'And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters.…Mrs.', 'Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.“Is that where —?” whispered Professor McGonagall.“Yes,” said Dumbledore.', '“But I c-c-can’t stand it —Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —”“Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.', 'Yer parents’ world.”“What world?”Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.“DURSLEY!” he boomed.Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.“But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” he said.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she’d learned and wondering which one she’d need.', 'He heard Hermione whisper, “Its bewitched to look like the sky outside.', 'It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.“So we’ve just got to try on the hat!” Ron whispered to Harry.', '“Moon”…, “Nott”…, “Parkinson”…, then a pair of twin girls, “Patil” and “Patil”…, then “Perks, Sally-Anne”…, and then, at last —“Potter, Harry!”As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.“Potter, did she say?”“The Harry Potter?”The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word — like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort.', 'The minutes crept by.“He’s late, maybe he’s chickened out,” Ron whispered.Then a noise in the next room made them jump.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'Haaaaaa!” And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.“He thinks this door is locked,” Harry whispered.', 'He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered.', '“What’s the matter?”In a low whisper, Harry told them what he’d seen.“You know what this means?” he finished breathlessly.', 'He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.“Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered.“Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking.', 'Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words.', 'Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn’t be.He had to start somewhere.', 'It stuck up at the back, just as Harry’s did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.“Mom?” he whispered.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.', 'His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.“See?” Harry whispered.“I can’t see anything.”“Look!', 'Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.“I’ve found him!” he whispered.', 'Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.“I never thought to look in here!” she whispered excitedly.', 'Hermione ignored him.“Nicolas Flamel,” she whispered dramatically, “is the only known maker of the Sorcerer’s Stone!”This didn’t have quite the effect she’d expected.“The what?” said Harry and Ron.“Oh, honestly, don’t you two read?', 'He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.“Dragons!” he whispered.', 'Hermione wouldn’t hear of it.“Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?”“We’ve got lessons, we’ll get into trouble, and that’s nothing to what Hagrid’s going to be in when someone finds out what he’s doing—”“Shut up!” Harry whispered.Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.', 'It looked as if Norbert’s fangs were poisonous.Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.“It’s not just my hand,” he whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", 'There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.“You all right, Hermione?” Hagrid whispered.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'I’m sorry,” Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, “but he’ll have a harder time frightenin’ you, an’ we’ve gotta get this done.”So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', 'Good day to you.”He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.“Right, here’s what we’ve got to do,” he whispered urgently.', 'Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.“What’ve you done to him?” Harry whispered.“It’s the full Body-Bind,” said Hermione miserably.', 'At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.', 'Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.', 'All three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t see them.“What’s that at its feet?” Hermione whispered.“Looks like a harp,” said Ron.', 'If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been bad enough….“Can you hear something?” Ron whispered.Harry listened.', 'Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly – the towering white chessmen had no faces.“Now what do we do?” Harry whispered.“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” said Ron.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.', 'It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.“Harry Potter…” it whispered.Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn’t move.“See what I have become?” the face said.']"	"{'whisper', 'n. 耳语, 密谈, 谣传, 沙沙声\nvi. 耳语, 密谈, 沙沙地响\nvt. 低声说', 'n. speaking softly without vibration of the vocal cords\nv. speak softly; in a low voice', ""'hwispә""}"
nervously	['He cleared his throat nervously.', 'He remembers me!” Harry shook hands again and again — Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously.', '“N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter?” He laughed nervously.', 'They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.“Welcome to Hogwarts,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair.“I shall return when we are ready for you,” said Professor McGonagall.', '“We could lock it in.”“Good idea,” said Ron nervously.They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn’t about to come out of it.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.', 'Harry kept looking nervously over his shoulder.', 'Have we not read what is to come in the movements of the planets?”Ronan pawed the ground nervously.', 'They’re not throwing me out after that.”After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room.', '“We’ve got to play our way across the room.”Behind the white pieces they could see another door.“How?” said Hermione nervously.“I think,” said Ron, “we’re going to have to be chessmen.”He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight’s horse.']	{'', 'nervously', 'r. in an anxiously nervous manner\nr. with nervous excitement', 'adv. 焦急地；神经质地；提心吊胆地'}
sharply	['After all, they normally pretended she didn’t have a sister.“No,” she said sharply.', '“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', '“I’ve still got the pieces, though,” he added brightly.“But you don’t use them?” said Mr. Ollivander sharply.“Oh, no, sir,” said Hagrid quickly.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'If he finds all three of us I’ll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.”“You’ve got some nerve —” said Ron loudly.“Shut up, both of you!” said Harry sharply.']	"{'r. in a well delineated manner\nr. changing suddenly in direction and degree', 'sharply', 'adv. 锐利地, 严厉地, 厉害地\n[经] 剧烈地', ""'ʃɑ:pli""}"
pursed	['Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips.']	"{'', 'pursed', ""v contract one's lips into a rounded shape\nv gather or contract into wrinkles or folds; pucker"", 'vt. 使皱起, 噘起（purse的过去式与过去分词形式）'}"
casually	['Instead he said, as casually as he could, “Their son — he’d be about Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?”“I suppose so,” said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.“What’s his name again?', '“And what do you mean, you’re my second?”“Well, a second’s there to take over if you die,” said Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie.', 'What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?”“Dunno,” said Hagrid casually, “he wouldn’ take his cloak off.”He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.“It’s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the Hog’s Head — that’s the pub down in the village.', 'He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.“But Snape always seemed to hate me so much.”“Oh, he does,” said Quirrell casually, “heavens, yes.']	"{'adv. 偶然地, 临时地, 随便地', ""'kæʒjuәli"", 'casually', 'r. not methodically or according to plan\nr. in an unconcerned manner'}"
stiffly	['Instead he said, as casually as he could, “Their son — he’d be about Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?”“I suppose so,” said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.“What’s his name again?', 'She looked distinctly ruffled.“How did you know it was me?” she asked.“My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.”“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall.“All day?', '“My brothers told me about you — you’re Nearly Headless Nick!”“I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.“Nearly Headless?', 'I can, can’t I?”“Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,” she said stiffly, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn’t realize how risky feasts could be.']	"{""'stifli"", 'r. in a stiff manner', 'stiffly', 'adv. 呆板地, 顽固地, 僵硬地'}"
sinking	['Nasty, common name, if you ask me.”“Oh, yes,” said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly.', 'When I open my eyes I’ll be at home in my cupboard.”There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.And there’s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking.']	"{'n. a descent as through liquid (especially through water)\nn. a slow fall or decline (as for lack of strength)\nn. a feeling caused by uneasiness or apprehension', 'n. 沉没, 降低, 衰颓感\n[法] 偿还债务', 'sinking', ""'siŋkiŋ""}"
horribly	['Nasty, common name, if you ask me.”“Oh, yes,” said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly.', 'One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood.']	"{'r of a dreadful kind', 'horribly', 'adv. 可怕地, 非常地', ""'hɒrәbli""}"
upstairs	['“Yes, I quite agree.”He didn’t say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.', '“Want to come upstairs and practice?”“No, thanks,” said Harry.', '“Take this stuff upstairs, now.”The Dursleys’ house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon’s sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn’t fit into his first bedroom.', 'It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room.', 'His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', 'Harry supposed that meant yes.“Thank you.”He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.“Funny way to get to a wizards’ school, the train.', 'Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'He sprinted back upstairs.“Did you get it?” Ron asked as Harry joined them.', 'Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory.']	"{'upstairs', 'a. 楼上的\nadv. 在楼上, 向楼上, 处于更高地位\nn. 楼层', ""'ʌp'stєәz"", 'n. the part of a building above the ground floor\na. on or of upper floors of a building\nr. on a floor above\nr. with respect to the mind'}"
crept	['While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden.', 'The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls.', 'His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', 'Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', 'The minutes crept by.“He’s late, maybe he’s chickened out,” Ron whispered.Then a noise in the next room made them jump.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'Something held him back — his father’s cloak — he felt that this time — the first time — he wanted to use it alone.He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.“Who’s there?” squawked the Fat Lady.', 'Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers.', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.']	{'v move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground\nv to go stealthily or furtively\nv grow or spread, often in such a way as to cover (a surface)\nv show submission or fear', 'creep的过去式', 'crept', 'krept'}
staring	['It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something.Was he imagining things?', 'But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street.', 'In fact, it was fast asleep.Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.“Make it move,” he whined at his father.', '“What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?” He chuckled at his own joke.Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter.', 'Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.…They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.', 'Thirty seconds...twenty…ten…nine — maybe he’d wake Dudley up, just to annoy him — three…two…one…BOOM.The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.', 'Not s’pposed ter use magic now I’ve got yeh.”They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.“Seems a shame ter row, though,” said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks.', 'He seemed to think he’d said too much, because he went back to staring out of the window.Harry didn’t think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl.', 'Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead.', 'The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight.', 'Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.', 'Aunt Petunia wouldn’t have let it in the house.Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing — noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too.', 'The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.', 'People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.', 'Charlie Weasley couldn’t have done it.”Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.“Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?” he asked excitedly.“Wood’s captain of the Gryffindor team,” Professor McGonagall explained.“He’s just the build for a Seeker, too,” said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.It was Hermione who spoke first.“Is it — dead?”“I don’t think so,” said Harry, I think it’s just been knocked out.”He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll’s nose.', 'It was about to finish me off when they arrived.”Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them.“Well — in that case ...” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”Hermione hung her head.', 'Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away.', 'She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.“I think I’ve got a good idea of what’s been going on,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'We’ll be off, then.”Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.“Never,” said Hagrid irritably, “try an’ get a straight answer out of a centaur.']	"{""v look at with fixed eyes\nv fixate one's eyes\nv feature as the star\nv be the star in a performance\nv mark with an asterisk\ns (used of eyes) open and fixed as if in fear or wonder\ns without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers"", ""'stєәriŋ"", 'a. 凝视的, 瞪着眼的, 显眼的', 'staring'}"
asleep	"['Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind.', 'His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley.', 'He fell asleep as we was flyin’ over Bristol.”Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets.', 'Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep.', 'The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long.', 'In fact, it was fast asleep.Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.“Make it move,” he whined at his father.', 'He didn’t know what time it was and he couldn’t be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet.', 'The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.', 'Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing.', 'Harry didn’t speak at all as they walked down the road; he didn’t even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry’s lap.', 'I’ve got Bill’s old robes, Charlie’s old wand, and Percy’s old rat.”Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.“His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ever wakes up.', 'Scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep.“Are you sure that’s a real spell?” said the girl.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'Professor Binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.', 'It’s really very selfish of you.”“And it’s really none of your business,” said Harry.“Good-bye,” said Ron.All the same, it wasn’t what you’d call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn’t back from the hospital wing).', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', 'Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster.', 'I hope this is one of those times.”He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him.Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return.', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.', 'Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.”Harry handed the flute over.']"	"{'asleep', ""ә'sli:p"", 'a. in a state of sleep\ns. lacking sensation\ns. dead\nr. into a sleeping state', 'a. 睡着的, 长眠的, 麻木的\nadv. 熟睡地'}"
awake	['Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind.', 'His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.“Up!', 'Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.…They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.', 'Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.', 'It’s really very selfish of you.”“And it’s really none of your business,” said Harry.“Good-bye,” said Ron.All the same, it wasn’t what you’d call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn’t back from the hospital wing).', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', 'It was a very funny feeling.Use it well.Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake.', 'He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.']	"{""ә'weik"", 'awake', 'a. 醒着的\nvt. 唤醒, 唤起, 使意识到\nvi. 醒来, 被唤起, 意识到', 'a. not in a state of sleep; completely conscious'}"
comforting	['His last, comforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs. Dursley.', 'This wasn’t what you’d call comforting.']	"{'comforting', ""'kʌmfәtiŋ"", 's. providing freedom from worry\ns. affording comfort or solace', 'a. 安慰的, 令人鼓舞的'}"
drifting	['Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.']	"{""'driftiŋ"", 'n. aimless wandering from place to place', 'drifting', '[计] 漂移的\n[医] 倾斜, 漂移'}"
sleepiness	['Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.']	"{'n. 睡意\n[医] 瞌睡, 欲睡', 'sleepiness', ""'sli:pinis"", 'n. a very sleepy state'}"
statue	['It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive.', 'You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.”“Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the school.”“Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week.', 'Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness.', 'She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue.“I think I’ve got a good idea of what’s been going on,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'In their nervous state, every statue’s shadow looked like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them.']	"{'vt. 以雕像装饰\nn. 雕像', ""'stætju"", 'n. a sculpture representing a human or animal', 'statue'}"
unblinkingly	['It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive.', 'He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.']	{'', 'r. showing no emotion', '不眨眼地', 'unblinkingly'}
quiver	['It didn’t so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead.', 'Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.“Abou’ time,” he said.', 'A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast.', '“I wondered whether I’d be meeting you here, Potter.”“But I thought — Snape —”“Severus?” Quirrell laughed, and it wasn’t his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp.', 'Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.']	"{'n. 震动, 颤抖, 箭袋\nvi. 颤抖, 振动\nvt. 使颤动\na. 敏捷的', 'quiver', 'n. case for holding arrows\nv. shake with fast, tremulous movements', ""'kwivә""}"
silently	['In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you’d have thought he’d just popped out of the ground.', 'Harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently.', 'I read about it in Hogwarts, A History.”It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn’t simply open on to the heavens.Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years.', 'Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?”Harry nodded silently.', 'Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch’s voice.', 'Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run.', 'They moved silently wherever he sent them.']	"{""'sailәntli"", 'adv. 默默地, 静静地', 'silently', 'r without speaking'}"
beard	['He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt.', 'He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins.', 'His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.', 'He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet.', 'Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.“Don’ you worry, Harry.', 'He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.', 'There was no mistaking that silver beard.Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe.', 'Hagrid’s beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.', 'To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail.', 'I should be chucked out an’ made ter live as a Muggle!”“Hagrid!” said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.']	"{'beard', 'n. 胡须\nvt. 抓住胡须, 公开反对', 'biәd', ""n. the hair growing on the lower part of a man's face\nn. a tuft or growth of hairs or bristles on certain plants such as iris or grasses\nn. a person who diverts suspicion from someone (especially a woman who accompanies a male homosexual in order to conceal his homosexuality)\nn. hairy growth on or near the face of certain mammals""}"
tuck	['He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into his belt.', 'He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two.', 'He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat.', 'C’mere and help!”With the twins’ help, Harry’s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.“Thanks,” said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.“What’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry’s lightning scar.“Blimey,” said the other twin.', 'They all ducked.“Go away, Peeves, or the Baron’ll hear about this, I mean it!” barked Percy.Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville’s head.', 'It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.“Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’”“UP” everyone shouted.Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did.', 'Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club.', 'But we’re not stupid — we know we’re called Gred and Forge.”“What’s all this noise?”Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving.', 'It stuck up at the back, just as Harry’s did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.“Mom?” he whispered.', 'How he had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone’s guess, because his legs had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the Leg-Locker Curse.', 'Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.', 'A lot of the greatest wizards haven’t got an ounce of logic, they’d be stuck in here forever.”“But so will we, won’t we?”“Of course not,” said Hermione.']	{'tuck', 'n. 缝褶, 活力, 鼓声, 船尾突出部, 食品\nvt. 打褶, 卷起, 挤进, 塞, 收藏\nvi. 缝褶裥, 缩拢', 'tʌk', 'n. eatables (especially sweets)\nn. (sports) a bodily position adopted in some sports (such as diving or skiing) in which the knees are bent and the thighs are drawn close to the chest\nn. a narrow flattened pleat or fold that is stitched in place\nv. fit snugly into'}
swept	['He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.', 'He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.']	{'sweep的过去式和过去分词', 'swept', 'a. possessing sweep'}
buckled	['He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.']	"{'v fasten with a buckle or buckles\nv fold or collapse\nv bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat', 'buckled', ""'bʌkld"", 'a. 有扣的'}"
sparkling	['His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice.', 'Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.“No more’n four to a boat!” Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore.', 'He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione.']	"{'a. 闪闪发光的, 闪烁的, 闪烁着才华的', 'sparkling', ""'spɑ:liŋ"", 's. shining with brilliant points of light like stars\na. used of wines and waters; charged naturally or artificially with carbon dioxide'}"
spectacle	['His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice.', '“We may never know.”Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles.']	"{""'spektәkl"", ""n. something or someone seen (especially a notable or unusual sight)\nn. an elaborate and remarkable display on a lavish scale\nn. a blunder that makes you look ridiculous; used in the phrase `make a spectacle of' yourself"", 'spectacle', 'n. 引人羡慕的东西, 景象, 眼镜, 场面, 公开展示'}"
crooked	['His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice.', 'He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.']	"{'a. 弯曲的, 歪的, 邪恶的', 'crooked', ""'krukid"", 'a. having or marked by bends or angles; not straight or aligned\na. not straight; dishonest or immoral or evasive'}"
albus	[]	"{'', '铅白(颜料)', 'albus', ""'ælbәs""}"
dumbledore	[]	
unwelcome	['This man’s name was Albus Dumbledore.Albus Dumbledore didn’t seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.']	"{'unwelcome', 'a. 不受欢迎的, 讨厌的\nn. 冷淡\nvt. 冷淡地对待, 冷淡地接受', 'a. not welcome; not giving pleasure or received with pleasure\ns. not welcome', ""ʌn'welkәm""}"
amuse	['For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him.', 'No doubt they thought it would amuse you.']	"{'v. occupy in an agreeable, entertaining or pleasant fashion\nv. make (somebody) laugh', ""ә'mju:z"", 'amuse', 'vt. 消遣, 娱乐, 使发笑'}"
pavement	['If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn’t be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement.']	"{""'peivmәnt"", 'n. 路面, 人行道, 铺面路, 铺路材料', 'n. the paved surface of a thoroughfare', 'pavement'}"
slipped	['Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat.', '“Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron?', 'Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.“Hello,” said the boy, “Hogwarts, too?”“Yes,” said Harry.“My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the boy.', '“But Percy’d better not see us.”Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom.', 'He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.“I know,” Ron snapped.', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.', 'He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later.']	"{'', ""v move stealthily\nv insert inconspicuously or quickly or quietly\nv move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner\nv get worse\nv move smoothly and easily\nv to make a mistake or be incorrect\nv pass on stealthily\nv move easily\nv cause to move with a smooth or sliding motion\nv pass out of one's memory\nv move out of position"", 'slipped', 'a. 打滑的'}"
smiling	['Instead he was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes.', 'The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop.', 'Still, you weren’t eleven every day.Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling.', 'Hadn’t he set a boa constrictor on him?Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.“See?” said Hagrid.', 'I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'He gives us all a bad name and you know, he’s not really even a ghost — I say, what are you all doing here?”A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.Nobody answered.“New students!” said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them.', 'A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving.', 'Bright green — exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time.', '“Dad?”They just looked at him, smiling.', 'He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn’t meet anyone.And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily.', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', 'As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore’s smiling face.“Well done,” said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.', 'Hagrid’s beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling.', 'Why didn’t I see it before?”“What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn’t answer.Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.“Hullo,” he said, smiling.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.', 'The evil face was now smiling.“How touching…” it hissed.', 'The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.“Good afternoon, Harry,” said Dumbledore.Harry stared at him.', 'The room gradually fell silent.“There are all kinds of courage,” said Dumbledore, smiling.']	"{""'smailiŋ"", 'a. 微笑的, 欢快的', 'smiling', ""n a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement\nv change one's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure\nv express with a smile\ns smiling with happiness or optimism""}"
distinctly	['She looked distinctly ruffled.“How did you know it was me?” she asked.“My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.”“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall.“All day?']	"{""dis'tiŋktli"", 'adv. 显然地, 明显地, 清楚地', 'r. clear to the mind; with distinct mental discernment\nr. in a distinct and distinguishable manner\nr. to a distinct degree', 'distinctly'}"
ruffled	['She looked distinctly ruffled.“How did you know it was me?” she asked.“My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.”“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall.“All day?', 'He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', '’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’s hair.At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.']	"{'ruffled', 'a. 有褶饰边的；气恼的', ""'rʌfld"", 'v stir up (water) so as to form ripples\nv trouble or vex\nv to walk with a lofty proud gait, often in an attempt to impress others\nv discompose\nv twitch or flutter\nv mix so as to make a random order or arrangement\nv erect or fluff up\nv disturb the smoothness of\nv pleat or gather into a ruffle\ns shaken into waves or undulations as by wind\ns having decorative ruffles or frills'}"
stiff	['Instead he said, as casually as he could, “Their son — he’d be about Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?”“I suppose so,” said Mrs. Dursley stiffly.“What’s his name again?', 'She looked distinctly ruffled.“How did you know it was me?” she asked.“My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.”“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall.“All day?', '“My brothers told me about you — you’re Nearly Headless Nick!”“I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.“Nearly Headless?', 'His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.Hermione ran to turn him over.', 'I can, can’t I?”“Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,” she said stiffly, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn’t realize how risky feasts could be.']	{'n. an ordinary man\ns. not moving or operating freely\ns. powerful\nr. extremely', 'stif', 'stiff', 'a. 坚硬的, 严厉的, 呆板的, 生硬的, 刚强的, 强烈的, 粘的, 稠的, 艰难的\nn. 死尸, 醉鬼, 钞票\nvt. 不肯付...小费'}
impatiently	['I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.”Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.“Oh yes, I’ve celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently.', 'Anythin’ unusual?”“Mars is bright tonight,” Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently.', 'Somehow — incredibly — he’d gotten the Stone.“Well?” said Quirrell impatiently.']	{'', 'adv. 不耐烦, 忍受不了, 急躁, [表]急欲, 急切', 'impatiently', 'r. with impatience; in an impatient manner'}
irritable	[]	"{""'iritәbl"", 'a. 易怒的, 急躁的\n[医] 应激性的, 过敏的', 'irritable', 's. abnormally sensitive to a stimulus'}"
downright	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher?“If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now.']	"{""'daunrait"", 'a. 明白的, 率直的, 十足的\nadv. 全然, 彻底, 完全', 's. characterized by plain blunt honesty\nr. thoroughgoing', 'downright'}"
careless	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.“Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle,” said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking.']	"{'careless', 'a. 粗心的, 不关心的, 无忧无虑的', ""'kєәlis"", ""a. marked by lack of attention or consideration or forethought or thoroughness; not careful\ns. effortless and unstudied\ns. (usually followed by `of') without due thought or consideration""}"
swapping	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.']	"{""'swæpiŋ"", '[计] 交换, 调动, 转储', 'v exchange or give (something) in exchange for\nv move (a piece of a program) into memory, in computer science', 'swapping'}"
threw	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'OUT!”Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.', '“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.', 'Hope you’re well.HagridHagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm.', 'Ah, Harry, I don’ know if I’m the right person ter tell yeh — but someone’s gotta — yeh can’t go off ter Hogwarts not knowin’.”He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys.“Well, it’s best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh — mind, I can’t tell yeh everythin’, it’s a great myst’ry, parts of it.…”He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, “It begins, I suppose, with — with a person called — but it’s incredible yeh don’t know his name, everyone in our world knows —”“Who?”“Well — I don’ like sayin’ the name if I can help it.', '“Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an’ that.”He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.“You can kip under that,” he said.', 'He threw his wand back into his trunk.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', 'Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing.', 'The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.', 'It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.“Oy, pea-brain!” yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it.', '“I’m sure it is — try it on.”Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.“It is!', 'They hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking.“Quick!”Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door.', '“We’ll have another little chat soon, when you’ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.”He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing.', 'He looked as if he’d been knocked out.Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left.The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harry’s feet.', '“I might get lucky again.”Hermione’s lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.“Hermione!”“Harry — you’re a great wizard, you know.”“I’m not as good as you,” said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.“Me!” said Hermione.']	"{'throw的过去式', 'θru:', 'threw', ""v propel through the air\nv move violently, energetically, or carelessly\nv get rid of\nv place or put with great energy\nv convey or communicate; of a smile, a look, a physical gesture\nv cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation\nv put or send forth\nv to put into a state or activity hastily, suddenly, or carelessly\nv cause to be confused emotionally\nv utter with force; utter vehemently\nv organize or be responsible for\nv make on a potter's wheel\nv cause to fall off\nv throw (a die) out onto a flat surface\nv be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly""}"
sideways	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn’t much left ter do.”He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.“Be grateful if yeh didn’t mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,” he said.', 'Not s’pposed ter use magic now I’ve got yeh.”They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying.“Seems a shame ter row, though,” said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks.', 'Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.']	"{""'saidweiz"", 'sideways', 'adv. 向旁边, 向侧面地\na. 旁边的, 向侧面的', 'r. with one side forward or to the front\nr. toward one side'}"
thankful	['“We have much to be thankful for.']	"{'a. 感谢的, 感激的, 欣慰的', 'thankful', 'a feeling or showing gratitude', ""'θæŋkfәl""}"
coldly	['They’re a kind of Muggle sweet I’m rather fond of.”“No, thank you,” said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn’t think this was the moment for lemon drops.', 'I heard he’s a sort of savage — lives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed.”“I think he’s brilliant,” said Harry coldly.“Do you?” said the boy, with a slight sneer.', 'All right, Harry, Hermione?”“I shouldn’t be too friendly to them, Hagrid,” said Filch coldly, they’re here to be punished, after all.”“That’s why yer late, is it?” said Hagrid, frowning at Filch.', '“Why?”Harry swallowed — now what?“It’s sort of secret,” he said, but he wished at once he hadn’t, because Professor McGonagall’s nostrils flared.“Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago,” she said coldly.']	"{'coldly', ""'kәuldli"", 'adv. 冷淡地', 'r. in a cold unemotional manner'}"
sensible	['“As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone —”“My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name?']	"{'a. able to feel or perceive\ns. readily perceived by the senses\ns. aware intuitively or intellectually of something sensed', 'a. 有感觉的, 敏感的, 明智的\n[医] 可感觉的', ""'sensәbl"", 'sensible'}"
nonsense	['They were the last people you’d expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn’t hold with such nonsense.Mr.', 'All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.', 'Didn’t we swear when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?”That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.“Where’s my letter?” said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.', '“Enough of this nonsense!']	"{'nonsense', 'n. 无意义的事, 荒谬言行, 荒唐', ""'nɒnsәns"", 'n. a message that seems to convey no meaning\ns. having no intelligible meaning'}"
persuade	['All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.', 'Suppose the myst’ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get ‘em on his side before…probably knew they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin’ ter do with the Dark Side.“Maybe he thought he could persuade ‘em...maybe he just wanted ‘em outta the way.']	"{""pә'sweid"", 'vt. 劝, 使相信, 恳求, 敦促, 说服\nvi. 劝服, 被说服', 'persuade', ""v. cause somebody to adopt a certain position, belief, or course of action; twist somebody's arm""}"
unsticking	['All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.']	{'', 'v. 使不再粘着, 扯开, 分开( unstick的现在分词 )', 'unsticking'}
frightened	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.', 'Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.”“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.']	"{'frightened', 's. made afraid', 'a. 受惊吓的, 受惊的, (非正式)害怕...的', ""'frait(ә)nd""}"
sounding	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.', 'In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.“Hagrid,” said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.', 'He didn’t feel much like going into the matter with this boy.“Oh, sorry,” said the other, not sounding sorry at all.', 'He couldn’t stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.“Don’ mention it,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'This seemed to cheer Ron up.“…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —”Ron gasped.“What?” said Harry.“You said You-Know-Who’s name!” said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.', 'It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldn’t be sounding so delighted.The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness.', '“But your friend — Nicolas Flamel —”“Oh, you know about Nicolas?” said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.']	"{'a. 发出声音的, 响亮的, 夸大的, 听上去堂皇的, 夸张的\nn. 测深, 水深测量, 探空, 试探, 调查, 搜集意见', 'n. a measure of the depth of water taken with a sounding line\nn. the act of measuring depth of water (usually with a sounding line)\ns. having volume or deepness', ""'saundiŋ"", 'sounding'}"
exasperated	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.']	{'s. greatly annoyed; out of patience', 'exasperated', 'a. 愤怒的, 恼火的\nv. 使恼怒, 激怒, 恶化(exasperate的过去式)', 'ɪgˈzæspəreɪtɪd'}
admiring	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Ron was admiring the cloak.“I’d give anything for one of these,” he said.']	"{'a. 赞赏的, 钦佩的, 羡慕的', ""әd'maiәriŋ"", 'admiring', 'v feel admiration for\nv look at with admiration'}"
flatter	['Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.”“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly.', 'Beats me how yeh even know abou’ Fluffy.”“Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here,” said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice.']	"{'v. praise somewhat dishonestly', 'flatter', 'vt. 奉承, 阿谀, 使高兴\n[机] 平面锤', ""'flætә""}"
calmly	['Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.”“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly.', 'They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.“That does it,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.', 'His face wasn’t twitching at all.“Me,” he said calmly.']	"{'adv. 平静地, 安静地, 冷静地', ""'kɑ:mli"", 'calmly', 'r. with self-possession (especially in times of stress)'}"
madam	[]	"{'madam', 'n. 女士, 夫人', ""'mædәm"", 'n. a woman who runs a house of prostitution'}"
comfrey	[]	"{'n. perennial herbs of Europe and Iran; make rapidly growing groundcover for shaded areas\nn. leaves make a popular tisane; young leaves used in salads or cooked', ""'kʌmfri"", 'n. 聚合草\n[医] 西门肺草', 'comfrey'}"
anxious	['About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'He looked suddenly anxious.“I never expected this,” he said, in a low, worried voice.', 'He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too.', 'aren’t you, Hagrid?” said Harry anxiously.', 'He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.“What can you see?” Hermione said anxiously.“Nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.”Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.“You want to go first?', 'She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.“It’s not poison?” said Harry anxiously.“No — but it’s like ice.”“Quick, go, before it wears off.”“Good luck — take care.”“GO!”Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle.', 'I’ve got yeh a present.”“It’s not a stoat sandwich, is it?” said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.“Nah.']	"{'anxious', ""'æŋʃәs"", 'a. 忧虑的, 发愁的, 渴望的', 's. eagerly desirous\ns. causing or fraught with or showing anxiety'}"
discus	['About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'I want to see my parents.”“Don’t push me —”A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.', '“He’s not exactly recent if he’s six hundred and sixty-five, is he?”The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what they’d do with a Sorcerer’s Stone if they had one.']	"{'n. an athletic competition in which a disk-shaped object is thrown as far as possible\nn. a disk used in throwing competitions', 'discus', ""'diskәs"", 'n. 铁饼, 掷铁饼比赛\n[医] 盘, 板, [圆]片'}"
piercing	['About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.“Hmmm,” said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.', 'Why aren’t you in your dormitory?”Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look.', 'He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!']	"{'piercing', ""'piәsiŋ"", 'a. 尖厉的, 刺耳的, 刺骨的, 刺穿的, 敏锐的, 彻骨的, 辛辣的, 讽刺的\n[化] 冲孔', ""v cut or make a way through\nv move or affect (a person's emotions or bodily feelings) deeply or sharply\nv sound sharply or shrilly\nv penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument\nv make a hole into\ns having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions\ns painful as if caused by a sharp instrument""}"
rumor	['People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'I haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.”Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said “The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.', 'The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are — are — that they’re — dead.”Dumbledore bowed his head.', '“What really happened?”It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors.']	"{'n. gossip (usually a mixture of truth and untruth) passed around by word of mouth\nv. tell or spread rumors', 'rumor', ""'ru:mә"", 'n. 谣言, 传闻\nvt. 谣传'}"
lily	[]	"{""'lili"", 'n. any liliaceous plant of the genus Lilium having showy pendulous flowers', 'n. 百合, 百合花\na. 洁白的, 纯白色的, 纯洁的', 'lily'}"
bowed	['The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are — are — that they’re — dead.”Dumbledore bowed his head.', 'A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley.', '“You bowed to me once in a shop.”“He remembers!” cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone.', 'He bowed as they walked inside.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.', 'It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.“So we’ve just got to try on the hat!” Ron whispered to Harry.', '“What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?”Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry’s question.', 'The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear.']	{'bәud', 'a. of a stringed instrument; sounded by stroking with a bow\ns. showing an excessively deferential manner', 'bowed', 'a. 弯如弓的, 低垂的'}
itch	['The cat’s tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive.', 'Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove.', 'Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen.', '“And don’t ask questions.”Don’t ask questions — that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.“Comb your hair!” he barked, by way of a morning greeting.About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut.', 'Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way — all over the place.Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother.', 'No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.', 'Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn’t punished.On the other hand, he’d gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens.', 'But all he’d tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors.', 'Until they were, he couldn’t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.He’d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he’d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash.', '* * *There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast.', 'There was no stamp.Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.“Hurry up, boy!” shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.', '“What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?” He chuckled at his own joke.Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'Tell them we don’t want —”Harry could see Uncle Vernon’s shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.“No,” he said finally.', 'Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon’s lap.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'of Wizards)Dear Mr. Potter,We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.', 'But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!”She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on.', 'Didn’t know who ter trust, didn’t dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches…terrible things happened.', 'Didn’t dare try takin’ the school, not jus’ then, anyway.“Now, yer mum an’ dad were as good a witch an’ wizard as I ever knew.', 'No one ever lived after he decided ter kill ’em, no one except you, an’ he’d killed some o’ the best witches an’ wizards of the age — the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts — an’ you was only a baby, an’ you lived.”Something very painful was going on in Harry’s mind.', 'He’s off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.', 'So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin’ fer advice.”“But what does a Ministry of Magic do?”“Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there’s still witches an’ wizards up an’ down the country.”“Why?”“Why?', 'Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.“Still got yer letter, Harry?” he asked as he counted stitches.Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.“Good,” said Hagrid.', 'One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'One of his eyes was twitching.“Professor Quirrell!” said Hagrid.', 'I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak.', '“Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.”In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes.', 'I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll smuggle it in somehow.”Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.“Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on.“No,” said Harry.“Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.“I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree.', '“But they were our kind, weren’t they?”“They were a witch and wizard, if that’s what you mean.”“I really don’t think they should let the other sort in, do you?', 'When they had left the shop, he said, “Hagrid, what’s Quidditch?”“Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin’ how little yeh know — not knowin’ about Quidditch!”“Don’t make me feel worse,” said Harry.', 'Look what she had fer a sister!”“So what is Quidditch?”“It’s our sport.', 'It’s like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and there’s four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.”“And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?”“School houses.', '“There’s not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn’t in Slytherin.', 'Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.“I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley.”“I’m not sayin’ that’s not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances,” said Hagrid.', 'Bill and Charlie have already left — Bill was head boy and Charlie was captain of Quidditch.', 'I’m missing Agrippa.”“What?”“Oh, of course, you wouldn’t know — Chocolate Frogs have cards, inside them, you know, to collect — famous witches and wizards.', 'Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn’t keep his eyes off them.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.', 'He supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more comfortable saying “Voldemort” without worrying.“What’s your Quidditch team?” Ron asked.“Er — I don’t know any.” Harry confessed.“What!” Ron looked dumbfounded.', 'Said they’d been bewitched.', 'A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there.', 'Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards.', 'He heard Hermione whisper, “Its bewitched to look like the sky outside.', 'Then the hat twitched.', 'Mom didn’t tell him she was a witch ’til after they were married.', 'Bit of a nasty shock for him.”The others laughed.“What about you, Neville?” said Ron.“Well, my gran brought me up and she’s a witch,” said Neville, “but the family thought I was all-Muggle for ages.', 'And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.”Dumbledore’s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.“Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term.', 'Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.', 'Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn’t had any idea that they were witches and wizards.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'It was a cutting from the Daily Prophet:GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATESTInvestigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken.', '“Anyway, I know Malfoy’s always going on about how good he is at Quidditch, but I bet that’s all talk.”Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot.', 'He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.', 'Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditch constantly.', 'At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips she’d gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through the Ages.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'Charlie Weasley couldn’t have done it.”Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.“Ever seen a game of Quidditch, Potter?” he asked excitedly.“Wood’s captain of the Gryffindor team,” Professor McGonagall explained.“He’s just the build for a Seeker, too,” said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him.', '“He was an excellent Quidditch player himself.”“You’re joking.”It was dinnertime.', 'We’re on the team too — Beaters.”“I tell you, we’re going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,” said Fred.', 'She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.“Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.”“Go away.”“All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re so —”But what they were, they didn’t find out.', 'Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.I — told — you,” Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, “I — told — you.”“We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,” said Ron, “quickly as possible.”“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Harry.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o’clock for your first training session.Professor McGonagallHarry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.“A Nimbus Two Thousand!” Ron moaned enviously.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.', '“Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even if it’s not too easy to play.', 'It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.“This,” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the most important ball of the lot.', 'You’ve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team’s Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win.', 'A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages — I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.“Well, that’s it any questions?”Harry shook his head.', 'He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.“We won’t practice with the Snitch yet,” said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, “it’s too dark, we might lose it.', 'After half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn’t carry on.“That Quidditch Cup’ll have our name on it this year,” said Wood happily as they trudged back up to the castle.', '“I wouldn’t be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for England if he hadn’t gone off chasing dragons.”Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly believe it when he realized that he’d already been at Hogwarts two months.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'He didn’t know how he’d have gotten through all his homework without her, what with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do.', 'She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'The day before Harry’s first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.', 'He hadn’t seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off anyway.“What’s that you’ve got there, Potter?”It was Quidditch Through the Ages.', 'He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow.', 'He tried to empty his mind — he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours – but the expression on Snape’s face when Harry had seen his leg wasn’t easy to forget.The next morning dawned very bright and cold.', 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.', '“Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.”“Thanks, Seamus,” said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.By eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'No sign of the Snitch yet, eh?”“Nope,” said Ron.', '“Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.', 'This was part of his and Wood’s game plan.“Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,” Wood had said.', 'Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!', 'But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref!', 'It was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.“Dunno what Harry thinks he’s doing,” Hagrid mumbled.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.', 'Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match.', 'He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.The library was pitch-black and very eerie.', 'There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.“You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody’s been in the library Restricted Section.”Harry felt the blood drain out of his face.', 'I know it’s here somewhere.”They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'All my family are dead — let me have another look —”“You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.”“You’re only holding the Quidditch cup, what’s interesting about that?', 'Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.Wood was working the team harder than ever.', '“When’s he ever refereed a Quidditch match?', '“We’ve just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasn’t got an excuse to pick on us.”Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.…The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.', 'You look terrible.”Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape’s sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.“Don’t play,” said Hermione at once.“Say you’re ill,” said Ron.“Pretend to break your leg,” Hermione suggested.“Really break your leg,” said Ron.“I can’t,” said Harry.', 'In stinking Slytherin.”Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.“Thanks, Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?”As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.“Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —”He gasped.', 'It wasn’t until Ron said he’d buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.“I’m going to play,” he told Ron and Hermione.', 'Harry hardly heard a word of Wood’s pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn’t understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match.', '“Don’t nag.”Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.“Don’t want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it’s now.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'I’ve waiting for you in the common room, we’re having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.”“Never mind that now,” said Harry breathlessly.', 'Hagrid’s beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling.', 'Anything to get rid of Norbert — and Malfoy.There was a hitch.', 'He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me — I’ve told her it was a dog, but I don’t think she believes me — I shouldn’t have hit him at the Quidditch match, that’s why he’s doing this.”Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.“It’ll all be over at midnight on Saturday,” said Hermione, but this didn’t soothe Ron at all.', 'All three of you will receive detentions — yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch match.“Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.“Professor — please —”“You can’t —”“Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter.', 'And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most hated.', 'He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.“Resign?” Wood thundered.', 'How are we going to get any points back if we can’t win at Quidditch?”But even Quidditch had lost its fun.', 'He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.', 'They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anticheating spell.They had practical exams as well.', 'And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.”Harry nodded, but he couldn’t shake off a lurking feeling that there was something he’d forgotten to do, something important.', 'In the few seconds’ silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.', 'They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.', 'His face wasn’t twitching at all.“Me,” he said calmly.', 'Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match.', 'The Snitch!', 'It wasn’t the Snitch at all.', '“Useful things…your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here.”“And there’s something else…”“Fire away.”“Quirrell said Snape —”“Professor Snape, Harry.”“Yes, him — Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.', 'Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.', 'It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.It was the best evening of Harry’s life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls…he would never, ever forget tonight.Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did.']	{'itʃ', 'n. 痒, 渴望, 疥疮\nvi. 发痒, 渴望', 'n. an irritating cutaneous sensation that produces a desire to scratch\nv. have or perceive an itch\nv. cause to perceive an itch\nv. have a strong desire or urge to do something', 'itch'}
glumly	['No one knows why, or how, but they’re saying that when he couldn’t kill Harry Potter, Voldemort’s power somehow broke — and that’s why he’s gone.”Dumbledore nodded glumly.“It’s — it’s true?” faltered Professor McGonagall.']	"{""\xa0'glʌmli"", 'glumly', 'r in a sullen manner', 'adv. 忧郁地, 闷闷不乐地; 阴郁地'}"
handkerchief	['“We may never know.”Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles.', 'Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.', 'He came ter yer house an’ — an’ —”Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.“Sorry,” he said.', 'Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.“Ron, you’ve got something on your nose.”The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.“Mom — geroff” He wriggled free.“Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?” said one of the twins.“Shut up,” said Ron.“Where’s Percy?” said their mother.“He’s coming now.”The oldest boy came striding into sight.', 'He had been down at Hagrid’s hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.“It bit me!” he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief.']	"{""'hæŋkәtʃif"", 'n. a square piece of cloth used for wiping the eyes or nose or as a costume accessory', 'n. 手帕, 头巾, 围巾', 'handkerchief'}"
sniff	['I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.”Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.“Oh yes, I’ve celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently.', 'Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it.', 'Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.They drove.', '“Would you mind leaving while we change?”“All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice.', 'Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.“Yeh’ll get yer firs’ sight o’ Hogwarts in a sec,” Hagrid called over his shoulder, “jus’ round this bend here.”There was a loud “Oooooh!”The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'Neville kept sniffing.', 'All three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t see them.“What’s that at its feet?” Hermione whispered.“Looks like a harp,” said Ron.']	{'snif', 'sniff', 'n. sensing an odor by inhaling through the nose\nv. perceive by inhaling through the nose\nv. inhale audibly through the nose', 'n. 以鼻吸气, 嗅, 气息\nvi. 嗅, 蔑视, 嗤之以鼻\nvt. 闻, 用力吸, 发觉'}
aunt	['“And I don’t suppose you’re going to tell me why you’re here, of all places?”“I’ve come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle.', '“His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he’s older.', 'His aunt rapped on the door again.“Up!” she screeched.', 'He had a funny feeling he’d had the same dream before.His aunt was back outside the door.“Are you up yet?” she demanded.“Nearly,” said Harry.“Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon.', 'And don’t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy’s birthday.”Harry groaned.“What did you say?” his aunt snapped through the door.“Nothing, nothing…”Dudley’s birthday — how could he have forgotten?', 'His aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.“I’m warning you,” he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry’s, “I’m warning you now, boy — any funny business, anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.”“I’m not going to do anything,” said Harry, “honestly…”But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him.', 'His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.', 'Your aunt and I have been thinking…you’re really getting a bit big for it…we think it might be nice if you moved into Dudley’s second bedroom.“Why?” said Harry.“Don’t ask questions!” snapped his uncle.', 'Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry…chased by Dudley’s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach…dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?', 'Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first.On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King’s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television.', 'He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.“I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o’clock,” he read.His aunt and uncle stared.“Platform what?”“Nine and three-quarters.”“Don’t talk rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon.', 'My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though.', 'The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.', 'So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.It was true that Harry wasn’t going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.', '“Hagrid and my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?”“I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel.']	{'n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母', 'ɑ:nt', 'n. the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle', 'aunt'}
cried	['They’re the only family he has left now.”“You don’t mean – you can’t mean the people who live here?” cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.', 'In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', '“You bowed to me once in a shop.”“He remembers!” cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone.', 'Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo!', 'Is this your toad?” said Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.“Trevor!” cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands.', 'I do think he might have told us prefects, at least.”“And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!” cried Dumbledore.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', '“Snape’s a Hogwarts teacher, he’d do nothin’ of the sort.”“So why did he just try and kill Harry?” cried Hermione.The afternoon’s events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.“I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I’ve read all about them!', '“I’m ready!”Harry turned to Hermione.“Do something,” he said desperately.Hermione stepped forward.“Neville,” she said, “I’m really, really sorry about this.”She raised her wand.“Petrificus Totalus!” she cried, pointing it at Neville.Neville’s arms snapped to his sides.', '— it likes the dark and the damp.”“So light a fire!” Harry choked.“Yes — of course — but there’s no wood!” Hermione cried, wringing her hands.“HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed.']	{'v. 哭泣；喊叫（cry的过去分词）', 'kraid', 'cried', 'v utter a sudden loud cry\nv shed tears because of sadness, rage, or pain\nv utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy\nv proclaim or announce in public\nv demand immediate action\nv utter a characteristic sound\nv bring into a particular state by crying'}
kicking	['And they’ve got this son — I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.']	"{'n. 踢腿；反撞', 'n a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics\nn the act of delivering a blow with the foot\nv drive or propel with the foot\nv thrash about or strike out with the feet\nv strike with the foot\nv kick a leg up\nv spring back, as from a forceful thrust\nv stop consuming\nv make a goal\nv express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness', 'kicking', ""'kikiŋ""}"
firmly	['Harry Potter come and live here!”“It’s the best place for him,” said Dumbledore firmly.', 'Although he could tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.“It was a dream, he told himself firmly.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.']	"{'adv. 坚固, 坚定, 断然', 'r with resolute determination\nr in a secure manner; in a manner free from danger\nr with firmness', 'firmly', ""'fә:mli""}"
faintly	['I’ve written them a letter.”“A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall.', 'He’s a centaur.“We’d noticed,” said Hermione faintly.“Good evening,” said Ronan.']	"{'faintly', ""'feintli"", 'r. to a faint degree or weakly perceived', 'adv. 微弱地, 模糊地, 朦胧地'}"
underneath	['But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'Ron’s were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.A voice echoed through the train: “We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes’ time.', 'They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.“Oy, you there!', 'In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.“It’s either really valuable or really dangerous,” said Ron.“Or both,” said Harry.But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn’t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor.', 'But the news that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn’t know which was worse — people telling him he’d be brilliant or people telling him they’d be running around underneath him holding a mattress.It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend.', 'It said Potter for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.']	"{'underneath', "".ʌndә'ni:θ"", 'r. on the lower or downward side; on the underside of\nr. under or below an object or a surface; at a lower place or level; directly beneath', 'adv. 在下面\nprep. 在...的下面'}"
grudgingly	['But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.']	"{'r. in a grudging manner', 'grudgingly', 'adv. 勉强地；不情愿地', ""'grʌdʒiŋli""}"
pretend	['Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley’s sister, but they hadn’t met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didn’t have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be.', 'After all, they normally pretended she didn’t have a sister.“No,” she said sharply.', 'But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', 'Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn’t believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the Dursleys’ car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life.', 'He glanced at Harry and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn’t looked.', 'Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.', 'I spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers away from the forest.”The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons.', 'Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble.', 'He’d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.“Will you stop messing around!” he yelled.', '“You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.” He put on a high voice, “‘Oh Professor Flitwick, I’m so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong….’”“Oh, shut up,” said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.“And we’d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,” Harry told Ron.']	"{'pretend', ""pri'tend"", 'v. 假装, 伪称, 自命, 自称', 'v. put forward a claim and assert right or possession of'}"
rumbling	['He does tend to — what was that?”A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them.', 'He shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, his stomach rumbling with hunger.', 'Was the rock crumbling into the sea?One minute to go and he’d be eleven.', '“You can take the cloak, I won’t need it now.”“Don’t be stupid,” said Ron.“We’re coming,” said Hermione.Harry pushed the door open.As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears.']	"{'rumbling', 'n. 隆隆声, 辘辘声', 'n a loud low dull continuous noise\nv make a low noise\nv to utter or emit low dull rumbling sounds\ns continuous full and low-pitched throbbing sound', ""'rʌmb(ә)liŋ""}"
steadily	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.']	"{'steadily', 'r. at a steady rate or pace\nr. in a steady manner', 'adv. 稳定地, 无变化地, 有规则地', ""'stedili""}"
headlight	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.']	"{'headlight', 'n. a powerful light with reflector; attached to the front of an automobile or locomotive', ""'hedlait"", 'n. 前灯, 桅灯\n[电] 车前灯'}"
swelled	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.', '“We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him, apart from you.”Hagrid’s chest swelled at these last words.']	{'', 'v increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity\nv become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger\nv expand abnormally\nv come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things)\nv come up, as of a liquid\nv cause to become swollen\ns feeling self-importance', 'swelled', 'swell的过去式和过去分词'}
roar	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.', 'G’night, Professor McGonagall — Professor Dumbledore, sir.”Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.“I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” said Dumbledore, nodding to her.', 'This morning, it was motorcycles.“…roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,” he said, as a motorcycle overtook them.“I had a dream about a motorcycle,” said Harry, remembering suddenly.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn’t see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there.', 'You told me they died in a car crash!”“CAR CRASH!” roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys scuttled back to their corner.', 'When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.Uncle Vernon roared.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll’s neck from behind.', 'They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars.', 'A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.']	{'rɒ:', 'roar', 'n. the sound made by a lion\nv. make a loud noise, as of wind, water, or vehicles\nv. act or proceed in a riotous, turbulent, or disorderly way\nv. laugh unrestrainedly and heartily', 'n. 吼, 咆哮, 轰鸣\nvi. 吼, 大声说出, 叫喊, 喧闹\nvt. 呼喊, 使轰鸣'}
landed	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.', 'Then —SMASH!The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.A giant of a man was standing in the doorway.', 'It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.“Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!”Harry had gone very white.', 'Harry landed next to him.“Very nice,” said Wood, his eyes glinting.', 'He’s not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.”The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.“It’s not my fault,” said Wood.', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.', 'With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft.', 'He landed, sprawled next to Harry.“What’s this stuff?” were his first words.“Dunno, some sort of plant thing.', 'She landed on Harry’s other side.“We must be miles under the school,” she said.“Lucky this plant thing’s here, really,” said Ron.“Lucky!” shrieked Hermione.', 'She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles.', 'Ron and Hermione’s cheers echoed around the high chamber.They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand.']	"{'a. 拥有土地的, 有田地的\n[法] 不动产的, 拥有土地的, 地皮的', 'landed', ""'lændid"", 'a. owning or consisting of land or real estate'}"
astride	['It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them.If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it.']	"{'adv. 跨着', ""ә'straid"", 'astride', 'r. with one leg on each side\nr. with the legs stretched far apart'}"
bushy	['He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins.', 'Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn’t much left ter do.”He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.“Be grateful if yeh didn’t mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,” he said.', 'She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.“We’ve already told him we haven’t seen it,” said Ron, but the girl wasn’t listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.“Oh, are you doing magic?']	"{'s. used of hair; thick and poorly groomed\ns. resembling a bush in being thickly branched and spreading', 'bushy', ""'buʃi"", 'a. 灌木一样的, 灌木茂密的, 浓密的'}"
muscular	['In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.“Hagrid,” said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.']	"{'a. of or relating to or consisting of muscle\ns. having or suggesting great physical power or force', ""'mʌskjulә"", 'a. 强壮的, 肌肉发达的, 有力的\n[医] 肌的; 肌肉发达的', 'muscular'}"
relieved	['In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets.“Hagrid,” said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.', 'He was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', 'Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.”“But sir, the Stone —”“I see you are not to be distracted.']	"{'v provide physical relief, as from pain\nv free someone temporarily from his or her obligations\nv grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to\nv lessen the intensity of or calm\nv save from ruin, destruction, or harm\nv relieve oneself of troubling information\nv provide relief for\nv free from a burden, evil, or distress\nv take by stealing\nv grant exemption or release to\nv alleviate or remove (pressure or stress) or make less oppressive\ns (of pain or sorrow) made easier to bear\ns extending out above or beyond a surface or boundary', ""ri'li:vd"", 'relieved', 'a. 宽慰的, 解除的, 减轻的'}"
lent	['In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat moved at all.A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you’d have thought he’d just popped out of the ground.', '“Young Sirius Black lent it to me.', 'He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', 'Harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently.', 'Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'A little more power and excellent for transfiguration.', 'Everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead.', 'I read about it in Hogwarts, A History.”It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn’t simply open on to the heavens.Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years.', 'Plenty of courage, I see.', 'There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that’s interesting….So where shall I put you?”Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'The hall fell silent.“Ahem — just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered.', 'He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word — like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort.', 'Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?”Harry nodded silently.', '“He was an excellent Quidditch player himself.”“You’re joking.”It was dinnertime.', 'Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch’s voice.', 'Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one.', 'She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn’t trust him at all.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.', 'Gliding silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run.', '“I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—”Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen.', 'Get yer wands out an’ practice now — that’s it — an’ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh — so, be careful — let’s go.”The forest was black and silent.', 'They moved silently wherever he sent them.', 'The room gradually fell silent.“There are all kinds of courage,” said Dumbledore, smiling.']	{'lend的过去式和过去分词', 'lent', 'n. a period of 40 weekdays from Ash Wednesday to Holy Saturday'}
swarming	['Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.']	{'', 'v be teeming, be abuzz\nv move in large numbers', '[医] 丛集的(菌)', 'swarming'}
tuft	['Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.“Is that where —?” whispered Professor McGonagall.“Yes,” said Dumbledore.', 'They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.“That does it,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.']	{'tuft', 'n. 一簇, 矮树丛\nvi. 丛生\nvt. 用丛毛装饰', 'tʌft', 'n. a bunch of hair or feathers or growing grass\nn. a bunch of feathers or hair'}
forehead	['Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.“Is that where —?” whispered Professor McGonagall.“Yes,” said Dumbledore.', 'The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning.', 'Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead?', 'Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead with a long, white finger.“I’m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,” he said softly.', '“And have you really got — you know…”He pointed at Harry’s forehead.Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on Harry’s forehead.“You are the Potter boy,” he said.', 'Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest.', 'Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.', '“You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.”Harry was rubbing his forehead.“I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily.']	"{'n. 额, 前额, 前部\n[医] 额', ""'fɒ:rid"", 'n the part of the face above the eyes\nn the large cranial bone forming the front part of the cranium: includes the upper part of the orbits', 'forehead'}"
curiously	['Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.“Is that where —?” whispered Professor McGonagall.“Yes,” said Dumbledore.', 'Aunt Petunia took it curiously and read the first line.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', '“So — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?”“What’s basketball?” said Wood curiously.“Never mind,” said Harry quickly.“Now, there’s another player on each side who’s called the Keeper — I’m Keeper for Gryffindor.', 'Harry opened it curiously.']	"{'r. in a manner differing from the usual or expected\nr. with curiosity', 'curiously', ""'kjuәriәsli"", 'adv. 好奇地'}"
whispered	"['Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning.“Is that where —?” whispered Professor McGonagall.“Yes,” said Dumbledore.', '“But I c-c-can’t stand it —Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —”“Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.', 'Yer parents’ world.”“What world?”Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.“DURSLEY!” he boomed.Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.“But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” he said.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'It bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again.“So we’ve just got to try on the hat!” Ron whispered to Harry.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'The minutes crept by.“He’s late, maybe he’s chickened out,” Ron whispered.Then a noise in the next room made them jump.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'Haaaaaa!” And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Filch cursing in rage.“He thinks this door is locked,” Harry whispered.', 'He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered.', 'He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.“Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered.“Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking.', 'Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words.', 'It stuck up at the back, just as Harry’s did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.“Mom?” he whispered.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.', 'His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.“See?” Harry whispered.“I can’t see anything.”“Look!', 'Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione.“I’ve found him!” he whispered.', 'Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.“I never thought to look in here!” she whispered excitedly.', 'Hermione ignored him.“Nicolas Flamel,” she whispered dramatically, “is the only known maker of the Sorcerer’s Stone!”This didn’t have quite the effect she’d expected.“The what?” said Harry and Ron.“Oh, honestly, don’t you two read?', 'He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.“Dragons!” he whispered.', 'Hermione wouldn’t hear of it.“Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?”“We’ve got lessons, we’ll get into trouble, and that’s nothing to what Hagrid’s going to be in when someone finds out what he’s doing—”“Shut up!” Harry whispered.Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.', 'It looked as if Norbert’s fangs were poisonous.Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.“It’s not just my hand,” he whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", 'There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.“You all right, Hermione?” Hagrid whispered.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'Good day to you.”He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.“Right, here’s what we’ve got to do,” he whispered urgently.', 'Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.“What’ve you done to him?” Harry whispered.“It’s the full Body-Bind,” said Hermione miserably.', 'At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.', 'All three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t see them.“What’s that at its feet?” Hermione whispered.“Looks like a harp,” said Ron.', 'If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been bad enough….“Can you hear something?” Ron whispered.Harry listened.', 'Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly – the towering white chessmen had no faces.“Now what do we do?” Harry whispered.“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” said Ron.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.', 'It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.“Harry Potter…” it whispered.Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn’t move.“See what I have become?” the face said.']"	"{'whispered', 'a. <医>耳语的, 低语的\nv. 低声说( whisper的过去式和过去分词 ); 私语; 小声说; 私下说', 's. spoken in soft hushed tones without vibrations of the vocal cords', ""'wɪspəd""}"
scar	"['“He’ll have that scar forever.”“Couldn’t you do something about it, Dumbledore?”“Even if I could, I wouldn’t.', 'The only thing Harry liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning.', 'No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.', 'No one does.”“Why not?”“Gulpin’ gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared.', 'Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?”Harry looked into the fire.', 'Scared of the students, scared of his own subject — now, where’s me umbrella?”Vampires?', 'Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was —“Yeah, that’s a goblin,” said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him.', 'Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead with a long, white finger.“I’m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,” he said softly.', 'It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother — why, its brother gave you that scar.”Harry swallowed.“Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches.', 'True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn’t stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn’t shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him — in fact, they didn’t speak to him at all.', 'Don’t stop and don’t be scared you’ll crash into it, that’s very important.', 'A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people.', 'C’mere and help!”With the twins’ help, Harry’s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.“Thanks,” said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.“What’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry’s lightning scar.“Blimey,” said the other twin.', 'Saw his scar.', '“And have you really got — you know…”He pointed at Harry’s forehead.Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar.', '’Course, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Who’s behind it.”Harry turned this news over in his mind.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red — oh…” His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “…you’ve forgotten something….”Neville was trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.', 'Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror.There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others.', '“If I don’t, all the Slytherins will think I’m just too scared to face Snape.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', '“Quirrell’s too scared to back us up.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry — he couldn’t move for fear.Then a pain like he’d never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire.', 'He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on Harry’s forehead.“You are the Potter boy,” he said.', 'Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.', 'The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn’t keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn’t have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.Their very last exam was History of Magic.', '“My scar keeps hurting — it’s happened before, but never as often as this.”“Go to Madam Pomfrey,” Hermione suggested.“I’m not ill,” said Harry.', 'I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but I’m no match for him, really.”“But Harry — what if You-Know-Who’s with him?”“Well — I was lucky once, wasn’t I?” said Harry, pointing at his scar.', 'He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first.', 'At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'Not a scar, no visible sign…to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever.', 'In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place.']"	{'skɑ:', 'n. a mark left (usually on the skin) by the healing of injured tissue\nv. mark with a scar', 'scar', 'n. 疤痕, 伤痕, 悬崖\nvi. 结疤, 愈合, 痊愈\nvt. 使有伤痕'}
shaggy	['He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss.', 'His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.']	"{'s used of hair; thick and poorly groomed\ns having a very rough nap or covered with hanging shags', ""'ʃægi"", 'a. 毛发蓬乱的, 粗浓的, 草木丛生的', 'shaggy'}"
scratchy	['He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss.']	"{'s causing abrasion\ns easily irritated or annoyed\ns lacking consistency\ns unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound', 'scratchy', ""'skrætʃi"", 'a. 潦草的, 刺痛的, 发痒的, 凑合的, 发擦刮声的, 乖戾的'}"
whiskery	['He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss.']	{'whiskery', '', 's having hair on the cheeks and chin', 'a. 有连鬓胡子的, 有须的'}
howl	['Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.', 'What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'By nightfall Dudley was howling.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', '“There is no platform nine and three-quarters.”“It’s on my ticket.”“Barking,” said Uncle Vernon, “howling mad, the lot of them.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.”Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.“I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered.Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.”“Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.”Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.“I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—”“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —”“What?', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	{'n. 嗥叫, 吠声, 号叫\nvi. 狂吠, 咆哮, 呼啸\nvt. 对...吼叫, 狂喊着说', 'haul', 'n. a long loud emotional utterance\nn. the long plaintive cry of a hound or a wolf\nn. a loud sustained noise resembling the cry of a hound\nv. emit long loud cries', 'howl'}
wounded	['Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.']	{'', 'n. people who are wounded', 'wounded', 'a. 受伤的\n[法] 受伤者; 受伤的, 受了损害的'}
shah	[]	{'shah', 'ʃɑ:', 'n. title for the former hereditary monarch of Iran', 'n. 沙(伊朗国王的称号)'}
burying	['Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.']	"{'burying', ""'beriiŋ"", 'n. 葬礼, 埋葬', 'n. concealing something under the ground'}"
gingerly	['“But I c-c-can’t stand it —Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —”“Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.']	"{'s. with extreme care or delicacy\nr. in a gingerly manner', ""'dʒindʒәli"", 'gingerly', 'adv. 小心翼翼地, 慎重地\na. 慎重的, 谨慎的'}"
stepped	"['“But I c-c-can’t stand it —Lily an’ James dead — an’ poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles —”“Yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door.', 'They stepped through the archway.', 'A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.“When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,” she said.', '“Moon”…, “Nott”…, “Parkinson”…, then a pair of twin girls, “Patil” and “Patil”…, then “Perks, Sally-Anne”…, and then, at last —“Potter, Harry!”As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.“Potter, did she say?”“The Harry Potter?”The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.', 'He stepped in front of it.He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', 'Not until they’d stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", '“I’m ready!”Harry turned to Hermione.“Do something,” he said desperately.Hermione stepped forward.“Neville,” she said, “I’m really, really sorry about this.”She raised her wand.“Petrificus Totalus!” she cried, pointing it at Neville.Neville’s arms snapped to his sides.', '“Oh, Neville, I’m so sorry.”“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Harry.“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen.', '“Want to go first, Hermione?”“No, I don’t!”“All right.” Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog’s legs.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.', '“Here I go — now, don’t hang around once you’ve won.”He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced.', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.', '“What do we have to do?”They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway.', 'He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again.He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first.']"	"{""v shift or move by taking a step\nv put down or press the foot, place the foot\nv cause (a computer) to execute a single command\nv treat badly\nv furnish with steps\nv move with one's feet in a specific manner\nv walk a short distance to a specified place or in a specified manner\nv place (a ship's mast) in its step\nv measure (distances) by pacing\nv move or proceed as if by steps into a new situation"", 'v. 踏；行走（step的过去式和过去分词）', 'stept', 'stepped'}"
doorstep	['He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two.', 'What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor McGonagall didn’t say a word to him.']	"{'n the sill of a door; a horizontal piece of wood or stone that forms the bottom of a doorway and offers support when passing through a doorway', 'n. 门阶', ""'dɒ:step"", 'doorstep'}"
shook	['For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', '“Oh, I see — so you’ve never been to Brazil?”As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.', 'He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in the car, and off they went again.', 'Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.”He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry’s whole arm.“What about that tea then, eh?” he said, rubbing his hands together.', 'He remembers me!” Harry shook hands again and again — Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously.', 'Come on, Harry.”Doris Crockford shook Harry’s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.Hagrid grinned at Harry.“Told yeh, didn’t I?', 'Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands…well, if I’d known what that wand was going out into the world to do.…”He shook his head and then, to Harry’s relief, spotted Hagrid.“Rubeus!', '“Everywhere else is full.”Harry shook his head and the boy sat down.', 'He looked tearful.“Sorry,” he said, “but have you seen a toad at all?”When they shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve lost him!', 'Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter!', 'A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages — I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.“Well, that’s it any questions?”Harry shook his head.', '“Now, can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?”Harry shook his head.“Let me explain.', '“Report him!”Neville shook his head.“I don’t want more trouble,” he mumbled.“You’ve got to stand up to him, Neville!” said Ron.', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.', '“I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—”Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen.', '“How are yeh?”He walked forward and shook the centaur’s hand.“Good evening to you, Hagrid,” said Ronan.', 'He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.', 'At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.']	{'shook', 'shake的过去式', 'n. a disassembled barrel; the parts packed for storage or shipment', 'ʃuk'}
furiously	['For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', 'The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she’d ever owned.“Now what?” said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he’d planned this.', 'After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'He got to his feet, trembling.“Never — in all my time at Hogwarts —”Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, “— how dare you — might have broken your neck —”“It wasn’t his fault, Professor —”“Be quiet, Miss Patil —”“But Malfoy —”“That’s enough, Mr. Weasley.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', '“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'Red card!”“What are you talking about, Dean?” said Ron.“Red card!” said Dean furiously.', 'His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.But the room was empty.', 'He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.“Right then,” said Hagrid, “now, listen carefully, ‘cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ I don’ want no one takin’ risks.']	{'', 'r. (of the elements) in a wild and stormy manner\nr. in a manner marked by extreme or violent energy\nr. in an impassioned or very angry manner', 'adv. 狂暴地；猛烈地', 'furiously'}
twinkling	['For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', 'And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.”Dumbledore’s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.“Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term.']	"{'twinkling', 's. shining intermittently with a sparkling light', ""'twiŋkliŋ"", 'a. 闪烁的, 闪亮的, 闪光的\nn. 闪烁, 瞬间'}"
shone	['For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', 'Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.', 'Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver.', 'Dumbledore’s silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts.']	{'shine的过去式和过去分词', 'shone', 'ʃɔn', 'v be bright by reflecting or casting light\nv emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light\nv be shiny, as if wet\nv be distinguished or eminent\nv be clear and obvious\nv have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink\nv throw or flash the light of (a lamp)\nv touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly\nv experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion\nv make (a surface) shine'}
muffled	['We may as well go and join the celebrations.”“Yeah,” said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, “I’ll be takin’ Sirius his bike back.', 'Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.“He’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” said Hagrid in a muffled voice.', 'With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft.']	{'', 'a. 听不清的；蒙住的', 's. wrapped up especially for protection or secrecy', 'muffled'}
takin	['Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog.“Shhh!” hissed Professor McGonagall, “You’ll wake the Muggles!”“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it.', 'We may as well go and join the celebrations.”“Yeah,” said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, “I’ll be takin’ Sirius his bike back.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'He was takin’ over.', 'Didn’t dare try takin’ the school, not jus’ then, anyway.“Now, yer mum an’ dad were as good a witch an’ wizard as I ever knew.', 'Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.“That will do,” he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor.', 'Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'You two had better change, you know, I expect we’ll be there soon.”And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.“Whatever house I’m in, I hope she’s not in it,” said Ron.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', 'They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.“Oy, you there!', 'After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn it into a needle.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.', '“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', 'He’d lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week — why did Snape hate him so much?“Cheer up,” said Ron, “Snape’s always taking points off Fred and George.', 'Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package.', 'Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such a biased referee?Harry didn’t know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went.', 'There was no mistaking that silver beard.Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe.', 'Snape interrupted him.“Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid’s yet?”“B-b-but Severus, I —”“You don’t want me as your enemy, Quirrell,” said Snape, taking a step toward him.“I-I don’t know what you—”“You know perfectly well what I mean.”An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree.', 'Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.Malfoy had seen the dragon.Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy’s face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.', 'He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.“Right then,” said Hagrid, “now, listen carefully, ‘cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ I don’ want no one takin’ risks.', '“That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.”Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.“We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing.', 'He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.“We’re nearly there,” he muttered suddenly.']	"{'takin', 'n. large heavily built goat antelope of eastern Himalayan area', 'n. 扭角羚；羚牛', ""'tɑ:ki:n. -kin. 'tei-""}"
swung	"['G’night, Professor McGonagall — Professor Dumbledore, sir.”Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.“I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” said Dumbledore, nodding to her.', 'Then —SMASH!The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.A giant of a man was standing in the doorway.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', ""You there, still got yer toad?”Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SEVENTHE SORTING HATT he door swung open at once."", 'His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge.', 'Here we are.”At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.“Password?” she said.“Caput Draconis,” said Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.', 'Harry’s broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it.', 'Yes, Weasley, from my own house!”Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, “At least Hermione’s on Snape’s tail,” when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.“I’m sorry, Harry!” she wailed.', 'He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.“What can you see?” Hermione said anxiously.“Nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.”Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.“You want to go first?']"	"{'swʌŋ', 'swung', ""v move in a curve or arc, usually with the intent of hitting\nv move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner\nv change direction with a swinging motion; turn\nv influence decisively\nv make a big sweeping gesture or movement\nv hang freely\nv hit or aim at with a sweeping arm movement\nv alternate dramatically between high and low values\nv live in a lively, modern, and relaxed style\nv have a certain musical rhythm\nv be a social swinger; socialize a lot\nv play with a subtle and intuitively felt sense of rhythm\nv engage freely in promiscuous sex, often with the husband or wife of one's friends"", 'swing的过去式和过去分词'}"
nodding	['G’night, Professor McGonagall — Professor Dumbledore, sir.”Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night.“I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,” said Dumbledore, nodding to her.', 'He didn’t have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than he’d had in his whole life — more money than even Dudley had ever had.“Might as well get yer uniform,” said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions.', 'Know what house you’ll be in yet?”“No,” said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.“Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?”“Mmm,” said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.“I say, look at that man!” said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window.', 'He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn’t meet anyone.And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily.']	"{'v express or signify by nodding\nv lower and raise the head, as to indicate assent or agreement or confirmation\nv let the head fall forward through drowsiness\nv sway gently back and forth, as in a nodding motion\nv be almost asleep\ns having branches or flower heads that bend downward', 'nodding', ""'nɔdiŋ"", 'a. 点头的, 低垂的；昏昏欲睡的'}"
slinking	['He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street.']	{'slɪŋkɪŋ', 'slinking', 'p. pr. & vb. n. of Slink', 'v. 偷偷溜走( slink的现在分词 ); 早产'}
swish	['He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow.', 'He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.', '“Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick.', 'Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop.', 'It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.']	{'swish', 'n. 嗖嗖声\nvi. 发嗖嗖声, 嗖地挥动\nvt. 嗖地挥动\na. 漂亮的, 时髦的', 'swiʃ', 'n. a brushing or rustling sound'}
breeze	['He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest.“Look there,” said Hagrid, “see that stuff shinin’ on the ground?']	{'bri:z', 'breeze', 'n. a slight wind (usually refreshing)\nv. blow gently and lightly\nv. to proceed quickly and easily', 'n. 微风, 煤屑, 轻而易举的事\nvi. 吹微风, 逃走'}
neat	['“We may never know.”Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles.', 'But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley’s birthday presents.', 'Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them?', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore.“So this is Dumbledore!” said Harry.“Don’t tell me you’d never heard of Dumbledore!” said Ron.', 'The neat fields had gone.', 'Ron’s were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.A voice echoed through the train: “We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes’ time.', 'They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.“Oy, you there!', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.', 'In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.“It’s either really valuable or really dangerous,” said Ron.“Or both,” said Harry.But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn’t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.', 'But the news that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn’t know which was worse — people telling him he’d be brilliant or people telling him they’d be running around underneath him holding a mattress.It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend.', 'It said Potter for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', 'UP another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier.“Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.', 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.', 'Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other two.“If you want to go back, I won’t blame you,” he said.']	{'a. 整洁的, 巧妙的, 匀称的, 简洁的\nn. 牛', 'neat', 's. clean or organized\ns. showing care in execution\ns. free from what is tawdry or unbecoming\ns. without water', 'ni:t'}
tidy	['He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls.', 'It said, in a very untidy scrawl:Dear Harry,I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three?I want to hear all about your first week.', 'He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy.']	"{'tidy', 'n. 椅子的背罩, 装杂物的容器\na. 整齐的, 有条理的\nvt. 弄整齐, 收拾, 整理\nvi. 整理, 收拾', ""'taidi"", 'n. receptacle that holds odds and ends (as sewing materials)\nv. put (things or places) in order\na. marked by order and cleanliness in appearance or habits'}"
inky	['He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.']	"{'inky', 'a. 墨水的, 给墨水弄污的, 漆黑的', 's of the color of black ink', ""'iŋki""}"
astonishing	['He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', 'Look – read that, there.”She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read:The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer’s Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers.', 'He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.']	"{'s. so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm', 'astonishing', 'a. 令人惊讶的', ""ә'stɒniʃiŋ""}"
waking	['Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up.']	{'', 'waking', 'n. the state of remaining awake\ns. marked by full consciousness or alertness', 'a. 醒着的'}
slept	"[""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen.', '“Take this stuff upstairs, now.”The Dursleys’ house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon’s sister, Marge), one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn’t fit into his first bedroom.']"	{'sleep的过去式和过去分词', 'slept', 'v be asleep\nv be able to accommodate for sleeping'}
scream	"['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'And they’ve got this son — I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.', ""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', 'He’d screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn’t have his room back.', 'He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.“Er — Uncle Vernon?”Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.“Er — I need to be at King’s Cross tomorrow to — to go to Hogwarts.”Uncle Vernon grunted again.“Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?”Grunt.', 'Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air — several people behind him screamed.“What the —?”He gasped.', 'When it finally shouted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.”Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!”Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.There weren’t many people left now.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.', 'He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!', 'He stepped in front of it.He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.', 'His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.But the room was empty.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal’s side, and began to drink its blood.“AAAAAAAAAARGH!”Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang.', 'She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor — Hermione screamed but stayed on her square — the white queen dragged Ron to one side.', 'Then he turned slowly on the spot.Harry would have screamed, but he couldn’t make a sound.', '“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.', 'Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off — the pain in Harry’s head was building — he couldn’t see — he could only hear Quirrell’s terrible shrieks and Voldemort’s yells of, “KILL HIM!', 'Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell’s turban, Hermione screamed out loud.“So the Stone’s gone?” said Ron finally.']"	{'skri:m', 'n. sharp piercing cry\nv. make a loud, piercing sound', 'scream', 'n. 尖叫声\nvi. 尖叫, 大笑, 尖啸, 令人震惊\nvt. 尖叫着说, 大叫大嚷着要求'}
pinched	"[""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all.""]"	"{'a. 消瘦的, 疲倦的', ""'pintʃt"", 'pinched', 's. as if squeezed uncomfortably tight'}"
cousin	"[""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", '“I think Mom’s got a second cousin who’s an accountant, but we never talk about him.”“So you must know loads of magic already.”The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.“I heard you went to live with Muggles,” said Ron.', 'My aunt and uncle and cousin are, though.']"	"{""'kʌzәn"", 'n. the child of your aunt or uncle', 'n. 堂兄弟姊妹, 表兄弟姊妹\n[法] 同辈表亲或堂亲', 'cousin'}"
vanishing	['Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.']	"{'vanishing', 'a. 消没的', 'n. a sudden or mysterious disappearance\nn. a sudden disappearance from sight', ""'væniʃiŋ""}"
fateful	['The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls.']	"{'a. 宿命的, 重大的, 决定性的', ""'feitful"", 'fateful', 's. having momentous consequences; of decisive importance\ns. ominously prophetic'}"
mantelpiece	['Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.']	"{""'mænt(ә)lpi:s"", 'mantelpiece', 'n. 壁炉台, 壁炉架', 'n shelf that projects from wall above fireplace'}"
shrill	['His Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day.“Up!', 'The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.“Now what am I going to do?” she asked shrilly.“That’s your problem,” said Ron.']	{'n. 尖声\na. 尖锐的, 刺耳的\nvt. 尖声说出\nvi. 发出刺耳声', 'shrill', 's. having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones\ns. of colors that are bright and gaudy', 'ʃril'}
stove	['Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove.']	{'stәuv', 'n. 火炉, 窑\nvt. 用火炉烤\nstave的过去式和过去分词', 'n. a kitchen appliance used for cooking food\nn. any heating apparatus', 'stove'}
cupboard	['Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept.When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen.', 'Harry didn’t look it, but he was very fast.Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age.', 'His aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.“I’m warning you,” he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry’s, “I’m warning you now, boy — any funny business, anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.”“I’m not going to do anything,” said Harry, “honestly…”But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him.', 'Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'But all he’d tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors.', 'It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn’t school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg’s cabbage-smelling living room.While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.', 'It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes.', 'He managed to say, “Go — cupboard — stay — no meals,” before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch.', 'Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley’s gang, who visited the house every single day.', 'Didn’t we swear when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?”That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.“Where’s my letter?” said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.', '“I have burned it.”“It was not a mistake,” said Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.”“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling.', 'He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful.“Er — yes, Harry — about this cupboard.', 'It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room.', 'Today he’d rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it.Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet.', 'After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'Someone knew he had moved out of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn’t received his first letter.', 'He’d spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toads every time they’d tried to lock him in his cupboard?', 'When I open my eyes I’ll be at home in my cupboard.”There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.And there’s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking.', 'True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn’t stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn’t shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him — in fact, they didn’t speak to him at all.']	"{'cupboard', 'n. 食橱, 碗柜, 餐具柜', 'n. a small room (or recess) or cabinet used for storage space', ""'kʌpbɒ:d""}"
punching	['Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise — unless of course it involved punching somebody.', 'Dudley’s favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn’t often catch him.', 'YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT IT’S DOING!”Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.“Out of the way, you,” he said, punching Harry in the ribs.']	{'punching', '', 'v deliver a quick blow to\nv drive forcibly as if by a punch\nv make a hole into or between, as for ease of separation', '[计] 穿孔\n[化] 冲孔'}
skinny	['Harry didn’t look it, but he was very fast.Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age.', 'Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.It sneezed.']	"{'n. confidential information about a topic or person\na. of or relating to or resembling skin', 'a. 似皮的, 极瘦的, 少的, 小气的\n[医] 皮的; 消瘦的', 'skinny', ""'skini""}"
knobbly	['Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes.', 'They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren’t looking.', 'And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry’s knobbly knees — Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them.']	"{""'nɔbli"", 'knobbly', 's having knobs', 'a. 有球形突出物的, 有小圆块的, 多疙瘩的, 有节的, 有小节的'}"
wore	['He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose.', 'Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a family o’ the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.”“We swore when we took him in we’d put a stop to that rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon, “swore we’d stamp it out of him!', 'Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.“Don’ you worry, Harry.', 'He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.', 'He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy.', 'Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they’ve been here, and people still like them.”“They’ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?” said Harry miserably.“Well — no,” Ron admitted.It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren’t his business from now on.']	"{'wear的过去式和过去分词', 'wɒ:', ""v be dressed in\nv have on one's person\nv have in one's aspect; wear an expression of one's attitude or personality\nv deteriorate through use or stress\nv have or show an appearance of\nv last and be usable\nv go to pieces\nv exhaust or get tired through overuse or great strain or stress\nv put clothing on one's body"", 'wore'}"
scotch	[]	{'n. 苏格兰人, 苏格兰语, 刻痕\na. 苏格兰人的, 苏格兰语的\nvt. 刻痕于, 伤害, 镇压, 妨碍', 'skɔtʃ', 'Scotch', 'n. whiskey distilled in Scotland; especially whiskey made from malted barley in a pot still\nv. make a small cut or score into'}
comb	['Not to worry, we’ll find the perfect match here somewhere — I wonder, now — yes, why not — unusual combination — holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.”Harry took the wand.']	{'n. a flat device with narrow pointed teeth on one edge; disentangles or arranges hair\nn. the fleshy red crest on the head of the domestic fowl and other gallinaceous birds\nn. any of several tools for straightening fibers\nn. ciliated comb-like swimming plate of a ctenophore', 'n. 头梳, 鸡冠\nvt. 梳头发, 梳毛\nvi. (浪)涌起', 'kәum', 'comb'}
haircut	['“And don’t ask questions.”Don’t ask questions — that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.“Comb your hair!” he barked, by way of a morning greeting.About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut.', 'Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way — all over the place.Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother.', 'Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry…chased by Dudley’s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach…dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?']	"{'n. the style in which hair has been cut\nn. the act of cutting the hair', 'haircut', ""'hєәkʌt"", 'n. 理发, (男子的)发式'}"
watery	['He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head.']	"{'s. filled with water\ns. relating to or resembling or consisting of water\ns. overly diluted; thin and insipid', ""'wɒ:tәri"", 'watery', 'a. 水的, 湿的, 平淡的, 稀薄的, 水淋淋的'}"
smoothly	['He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head.', 'Harry and Ron wheeled round.Snape was standing there.“Good afternoon,” he said smoothly.They stared at him.“You shouldn’t be inside on a day like this,” he said, with an odd, twisted smile.“We were —” Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.“You want to be more careful,” said Snape.']	"{'r. with no problems or difficulties\nr. in a smooth and diplomatic manner', 'adv. 平滑地, 流畅地, 流利地', 'smoothly', ""'smu:ðli""}"
darling	[]	"{'n. a special loved one\nn. an Australian river; tributary of the Murray River', 'n. 亲爱的, 可爱的人, 可爱的物\na. 可爱的, 亲爱的', 'darling', ""'dɑ:liŋ""}"
auntie	[]	"{'n. 阿姨, 姨妈, 舅妈, 姑妈, 伯母', 'auntie', 'n the sister of your father or mother; the wife of your uncle', ""'ɑ:nti""}"
marge	[]	{'n a spread made chiefly from vegetable oils and used as a substitute for butter', 'n. 边缘（等于margin）', 'marge', 'mɑ:dʒ'}
mummy	[]	"{'n. 木乃伊, 瘦而干瘪之人, 妈咪\n[医] 干尸, 木乃伊; 普鲁士红', ""'mʌmi"", 'mummy', 'n. a body embalmed and dried and wrapped for burial (as in ancient Egypt)'}"
scented	['Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, “And we’ll buy you another two presents while we’re out today.']	"{'scented', ""'sentid"", 'a. 有香味的, 洒了香水的, 有嗅觉的', 'a. having the sense of smell\ns. (used in combination) having the odor of'}"
poppin	[]	{'', 'n. 机械舞（街舞的一种）', 'poppin'}
atta	['The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', '“We don’t want you attacked before you have to be.”When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to let off his feelings.', 'On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.“Do you think they’ll attack us if we cross the room?” said Ron.“Probably,” said Harry.']	{'', 'atta', 'abbr. 泰国旅行社协会（Association Of Thai Travel Agents）'}
rang	['They were the last people you’d expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn’t hold with such nonsense.Mr.', 'This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.', 'As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn’t help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about.', 'He had been hugged by a complete stranger.', 'He clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street.', '’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’s hair.At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.', '“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', 'No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.', 'Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him.', 'Very strange strangers they were, too.', 'Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’”With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him.', 'He had a plan.The repaired alarm clock rang at six o’clock the next morning.', 'He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.“See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them they’ll just give up.”“I’m not sure that’ll work, Vernon.”“Oh, these people’s minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they’re not like you and me,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.“Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!”Harry had gone very white.', 'Didn’t know who ter trust, didn’t dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches…terrible things happened.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'Everything looked so strange, somehow.“You all right, Harry?', 'Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.“Well, there you are, boy.', 'Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', 'Perhaps they thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they’d heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.“What has been going on?” she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.“I think he’s been knocked out,” Ron said to Harry.', 'No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells she’d learned and wondering which one she’d need.', 'One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.', '“Finnigan, Seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.“Granger, Hermione!”Her mione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.', 'Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.', 'By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell’s lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke.', 'Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn’t a dunderhead.“Potter!” said Snape suddenly.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', 'Then Hagrid’s voice rang out, saying, “Back, Fang — back.”Hagrid’s big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door open.“Hang on,” he said.', 'Privately, Harry felt she’d had good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground.Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was.', 'Hermione Granger’s had simply rolled over on the ground, and Neville’s hadn’t moved at all.', 'Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, “Come and get it, Potter!”Harry grabbed his broom.“No!” shouted Hermione Granger.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', 'Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger.', '“Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!”Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.“It’s no wonder no one can stand her,” he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “she’s a nightmare, honestly.”Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.', 'Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint.', 'He wished Ron would put his wand down.Then a small voice came out of the shadows.“Please, Professor McGonagall — they were looking for me.”“Miss Granger!”Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.“I went looking for the troll because I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, because I’ve read all about them.”Ron dropped his wand.', 'Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher?“If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now.', 'It was about to finish me off when they arrived.”Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them.“Well — in that case ...” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”Hermione hung her head.', 'It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.“Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'Then, none of them looking at each other, they all said “Thanks,” and hurried off to get plates.But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend.', 'No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s broom was behaving strangely.', 'It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.', 'He felt very strange.', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', 'Neville’s legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling.', 'I was down in the village havin’ a few drinks an’ got into a game o’ cards with a stranger.', 'Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.It sneezed.', 'You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense.', 'This is Harry Potter an’ Hermione Granger, by the way.', '“So yeh haven’t noticed anythin’ strange?”Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer.', '“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?', 'What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?”“Dunno,” said Hagrid casually, “he wouldn’ take his cloak off.”He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.“It’s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the Hog’s Head — that’s the pub down in the village.', '“Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak — it must’ve been easy, once he’d got Hagrid drunk.', 'They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.“We’ll just have to —” Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.“What are you three doing inside?”It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.“We want to see Professor Dumbledore,” said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.“See Professor Dumbledore?” Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do.', 'His legs sprang together.', 'At once, the stone sprang to life.', '“What do we have to do?”They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway.', 'Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match.', 'Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.“You’re too nosy to live, Potter.', 'Quirrell’s head looked strangely small without it.', '“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.', 'How strange.He blinked again.', 'Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.”“But sir, the Stone —”“I see you are not to be distracted.', '“What really happened?”It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors.', 'Got past McGonagall’s giant chess set!”At last there was silence again.“Second — to Miss Hermione Granger…for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears.']	{'ring的过去式', 'ræŋ', 'rang', 'v sound loudly and sonorously\nv ring or echo with sound\nv make (bells) ring, often for the purposes of musical edification\nv get or try to get into communication (with someone) by telephone\nv extend on all sides of simultaneously; encircle\nv attach a ring to the foot of, in order to identify'}
sixteen	['’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’s hair.At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.', 'How nice to see you again.…Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn’t it?”“It was, sir, yes,” said Hagrid.“Good wand, that one.']	"{'sixteen', ""'siks'ti:n"", 'n. the cardinal number that is the sum of fifteen and one\ns. being one more than fifteen', 'num. 十六, 十六个'}"
ripping	['He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.“Bad news, Vernon,” she said.', 'It turned out she’d broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and she didn’t seem quite as fond of them as before.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', 'Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.']	"{""'ripiŋ"", 'a. 撕的, 绝妙的\nadv. 极, 非常', 'v tear or be torn violently\nv move precipitously or violently\nv cut (wood) along the grain\nv criticize or abuse strongly and violently\ns resembling a sound of violent tearing as of something ripped apart or lightning splitting a tree', 'ripping'}"
leap	['She can’t take him.” She jerked her head in Harry’s direction.Dudley’s mouth fell open in horror, but Harry’s heart gave a leap.', 'What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’”With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him.', 'His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', 'The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one —“Out!', '“Now wait jus’ one second!”He had leapt to his feet.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'Harry felt a great leap of excitement.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.', '“Neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.”He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.“Go on then, try and hit me!” said Neville, raising his fists.', '“Look at you both!”She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall.']	{'li:p', 'n. a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards\nn. an abrupt transition\nn. the distance leaped (or to be leaped)\nv. pass abruptly from one state or topic to another', 'leap', 'n. 跳跃, 剧增, 急变, 被越过之物\nvi. 跳跃, 突然经过\nvt. 跃过, 使跃过'}
hamburger	['Every year on Dudley’s birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies.', 'They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand.', 'Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.“Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves,” he said.He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them.', 'He’d just had the best birthday of his life — and yet — he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the words.“Everyone thinks I’m special,” he said at last.']	"{'n. 汉堡(德国港口), 肉饼, 汉堡包, 纯精牛肉, 汉堡牛排', 'hamburger', 'n. a sandwich consisting of a fried cake of minced beef served on a bun, often with other ingredients', ""'hæmbә:gә""}"
smelled	['The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she’d ever owned.“Now what?” said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he’d planned this.', 'After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward off a vampire he’d met in Romania and was afraid would be coming back to get him one of these days.', 'The evening air had never smelled so sweet.']	{'', 'v inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense\nv emit an odor\nv smell bad\nv have an element suggestive (of something)\nv become aware of not through the senses but instinctively', 'smell的过去式和过去分词', 'smelled'}
cabbage	['The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she’d ever owned.“Now what?” said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he’d planned this.', 'It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn’t school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg’s cabbage-smelling living room.While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.', 'Then they visited the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages.']	"{'n. 卷心菜\n[医] 卷心菜, 甘兰', ""'kæbidʒ"", 'cabbage', 'n. any of various types of cabbage\nn. any of various cultivars of the genus Brassica oleracea grown for their edible leaves or flowers'}"
snowy	['“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'Harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing.', 'Harry didn’t speak at all as they walked down the road; he didn’t even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry’s lap.']	"{""'snәui"", 's marked by the presence of snow\ns covered with snow\ns of the white color of snow', 'a. 多雪的, 雪的, 被雪所覆盖着的, 下雪的', 'snowy'}"
tufty	[]	"{'tufty', 'a. Abounding with tufts.\na. Growing in tufts or clusters.', 'a. 簇生的, 多簇的, 丛生的', ""'tʌfti""}"
slug	['Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', 'He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon.']	{'slug', 'slʌg', 'n. a unit of mass equal to the mass that accelerates at 1 foot/sec/sec when acted upon by a force of 1 pound; approximately 14.5939 kilograms\nn. a counterfeit coin\nn. an amount of an alcoholic drink (usually liquor) that is poured or gulped\nn. any of various terrestrial gastropods having an elongated slimy body and no external shell', 'n. 鼻涕虫, 刺蛾, 懒汉, 弹丸, 金属小块, 重击\nvi. 偷懒, 动作迟缓\nvt. 重击'}
loudly	['He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.“Shoo!” said Mr. Dursley loudly.The cat didn’t move.', 'Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'Great man, Dumbledore.”“Why were you expelled?”“It’s gettin’ late and we’ve got lots ter do tomorrow,” said Hagrid loudly.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'Then he flew off through the open window.Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.“Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an’ buy all yer stuff fer school.”Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them.', 'Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, “See that, Harry?', 'He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.', 'Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing.', 'If he finds all three of us I’ll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.”“You’ve got some nerve —” said Ron loudly.“Shut up, both of you!” said Harry sharply.', 'Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn’t sleep.', 'They hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking.“Quick!”Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.', 'Snape interrupted him.“Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid’s yet?”“B-b-but Severus, I —”“You don’t want me as your enemy, Quirrell,” said Snape, taking a step toward him.“I-I don’t know what you—”“You know perfectly well what I mean.”An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree.', 'Where’s Mommy?”“He’s lost his marbles,” Ron muttered in Harry’s ear.“Hagrid,” said Harry loudly, “give it two weeks and Norbert’s going to be as long as your house.', 'A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.']	"{'loudly', 'adv. 高声地, 大声地, 吵闹地', ""'laudli"", 'r. with relatively high volume'}"
screwed	['In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', '“What do you see?”Harry screwed up his courage.“I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore,” he invented.']	{'screwed', 'a. 以螺丝拧紧的, 螺丝状的, 喝醉了的', 'skru:d', 'v have sexual intercourse with\nv turn like a screw\nv cause to penetrate, as with a circular motion\nv tighten or fasten by means of screwing motions\nv defeat someone through trickery or deceit'}
dinky	[]	"{'a. 极小的, 不足道的, 整洁的', 'dinky', 'n. a small locomotive\ns. small and insignificant\ns. (British informal) pretty and neat', ""'diŋki""}"
spoil	['In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', '“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', 'No more dragon — Malfoy in detention — what could spoil their happiness?The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs.']	{'n. 战利品, 赃物, 奖品, 变质, 次品\nvt. 损坏, 破坏, 溺爱\nvi. 腐坏, 掠夺', 'n. (usually plural) valuables taken by violence (especially in war)\nn. the act of spoiling something by causing damage to it\nn. the act of stripping and taking by force\nv. become unfit for consumption or use', 'spoil', 'spɒil'}
doorbell	['“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.']	"{'n. 门铃', 'doorbell', 'n. a push button at an outer door that gives a ringing or buzzing signal when pushed', ""'dɒ:bel""}"
frantically	['“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', '“He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once.”“He’s gone?” said Harry frantically.']	"{'r in an uncontrolled manner', 'frantically', ""'fræntikli"", 'adv. 狂暴地, 疯狂似地'}"
scrawny	['Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat.', 'He wouldn’t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch’s.']	"{""'skrɒ:ni"", 'a. 瘦的, 骨瘦如柴的', 's. inferior in size or quality', 'scrawny'}"
honestly	['His aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.“I’m warning you,” he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry’s, “I’m warning you now, boy — any funny business, anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.”“I’m not going to do anything,” said Harry, “honestly…”But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him.', '“Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!”Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.“It’s no wonder no one can stand her,” he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “she’s a nightmare, honestly.”Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.', 'Hermione ignored him.“Nicolas Flamel,” she whispered dramatically, “is the only known maker of the Sorcerer’s Stone!”This didn’t have quite the effect she’d expected.“The what?” said Harry and Ron.“Oh, honestly, don’t you two read?', 'Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.']	"{'honestly', ""'ɒnistli"", ""r. (used as intensives reflecting the speaker's attitude) it is sincerely the case that\nr. in an honest manner"", 'adv. 真诚地, 公正地'}"
scissors	['No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.']	"{'scissors', ""'sizәz"", 'n. an edge tool having two crossed pivoting blades\nn. a wrestling hold in which you wrap your legs around the opponents body or head and put your feet together and squeeze\nn. a gymnastic exercise performed on the pommel horse when the gymnast moves his legs as the blades of scissors move', 'pl. 剪刀\n[医] 剪'}"
sleepless	['No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.']	"{'sleepless', ""'sli:plis"", 's experiencing or accompanied by sleeplessness\ns always watchful', 'a. 不睡眠的, 睡不着的, 不休息的'}"
baggy	"['No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.', ""Everybody knew that Dudley’s gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudley’s gang.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THREELETTERS FROM NO ONET he escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment.""]"	"{'a. 袋状的, 松垂的', 's. not fitting closely; hanging loosely', ""'bægi"", 'baggy'}"
revolting	['Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul…”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right.']	"{'revolting', 'a. 背叛的, 叛乱的, 厌恶的', ""ri'vәultiŋ"", 'v make revolution\nv fill with distaste\nv cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of\ns highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust'}"
sweater	['Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', 'He didn’t feel like sharing it with anyone else yet.“Merry Christmas!”“Hey, look — Harry’s got a Weasley sweater, too!”Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.“Harry’s is better than ours, though,” said Fred, holding up Harry’s sweater.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', 'Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.', '“Christmas is a time for family.”They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']	"{""'swetә"", 'n. a crocheted or knitted garment covering the upper part of the body', 'sweater', 'n. 毛衣, 毛线衫, 运动衫, 出汗者\n[化] 发汗器'}"
puff	['Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.', 'Know what house you’ll be in yet?”“No,” said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.“Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?”“Mmm,” said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.“I say, look at that man!” said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window.', 'It’s like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and there’s four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.”“And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?”“School houses.', 'Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o’ duffers, but —”“I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,” said Harry gloomily.“Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,” said Hagrid darkly.', 'You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.“The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin.', '“About to be Sorted, I suppose?”A few people nodded mutely.“Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!” said the Friar.', 'A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron’s arm.“I’ve just thought — Hermione.”“What about her?”“She doesn’t know about the troll.”Ron bit his lip.“Oh, all right,” he snapped.', '“But Percy’d better not see us.”Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven years.', 'Finish the game before Snape can favor Hufflepuff too much.”“The whole school’s out there!” said Fred Weasley, peering out of the door.', 'What about you, Weasley?”Ron didn’t answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.', 'And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.”They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.“I won’t let you in,” he puffed.', 'Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup.', 'Harry, are you all right?”Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.“I’m fine,” said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	{'puff', 'n. 一阵喷烟, 肿块, 喘息\nv. 喷出, 张开, 吹捧, (使)充气, 喘气, (使)骄傲, (使)膨胀', 'pʌf', 'n. a short light gust of air\nn. a light inflated pastry or puff shell\nn. exaggerated praise (as for promotional purposes)\nn. a slow inhalation (as of tobacco smoke)'}
puppet	['The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn’t fit Harry.']	"{""'pʌpit"", 'n. a small figure of a person operated from above with strings by a puppeteer\nn. a doll with a hollow head of a person or animal and a cloth body; intended to fit over the hand and be manipulated with the fingers', 'n. 傀儡, 木偶\n[法] 木偶, 傀儡, 受他人操纵的人', 'puppet'}"
shrunk	['Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasn’t punished.On the other hand, he’d gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens.']	"{'shrunk', ""'ʃrʌnk"", 'shrink的过去式和过去分词', 'v wither, as with a loss of moisture\nv draw back, as with fear or pain\nv reduce in size; reduce physically\nv become smaller or draw together\nv decrease in size, range, or extent'}"
chasing	['Dudley’s gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry’s surprise as anyone else’s, there he was sitting on the chimney.', '“I wouldn’t be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for England if he hadn’t gone off chasing dragons.”Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly believe it when he realized that he’d already been at Hogwarts two months.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.']	"{'chasing', '[建] 周镂', ""'tʃeisiŋ"", 'v go after with the intent to catch\nv pursue someone sexually or romantically\nv cut a groove into\nv cut a furrow into a columns'}"
chimney	['Dudley’s gang had been chasing him as usual when, as much to Harry’s surprise as anyone else’s, there he was sitting on the chimney.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.']	"{""'tʃimni"", 'chimney', 'n. 烟囱, 灯罩\n[电] 烟囱', 'n. a vertical flue that provides a path through which smoke from a fire is carried away through the wall or roof of a building'}"
headmistress	['The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from Harry’s headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings.']	"{'n. a woman headmaster', ""'hed'mistris"", 'n. (中小学)女校长', 'headmistress'}"
complain	['It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn’t school, his cupboard, or Mrs. Figg’s cabbage-smelling living room.While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.', 'He liked to complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects.', 'While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.“Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?” Dudley asked Harry in amazement.', 'He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'How often had they complained how much Harry cost them to keep?', 'He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.', 'Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.', 'The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on Wood’s side.', 'He’s not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.”The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.“It’s not my fault,” said Wood.', 'He half expected Hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn’t say a word.']	"{'v. express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness\nv. make a formal accusation; bring a formal charge', 'complain', 'v. 抱怨, 抗议, 控诉', ""kәm'plein""}"
roaring	['This morning, it was motorcycles.“…roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,” he said, as a motorcycle overtook them.“I had a dream about a motorcycle,” said Harry, remembering suddenly.', 'He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn’t see what he was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.']	"{'roaring', 'r. extremely', 'n. 吼声, 咆哮, 怒吼\na. 风哮雨嚎的, 咆哮的, 轰鸣的, 喧哗的, 狂暴的', ""'rɒ:riŋ""}"
gigantic	"['He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', ""You there, still got yer toad?”Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SEVENTHE SORTING HATT he door swung open at once."", '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.']"	"{'gigantic', 'a. 巨人般的, 巨大的', 's. so exceedingly large or extensive as to suggest a giant or mammoth', ""dʒai'gæntik""}"
beet	['He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', 'His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.']	{'bi:t', 'n. biennial Eurasian plant usually having a swollen edible root; widely cultivated as a food crop\nn. round red root vegetable', 'n. 甜菜(根)\n[化] 甜菜', 'beet'}
wished	['“It was only a dream.”But he wished he hadn’t said anything.', 'Cauldrons — All Sizes — Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver — Self-Stirring — Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.“Yeah, you’ll be needin’ one,” said Hagrid, “but we gotta get yer money first.”Harry wished he had about eight more eyes.', 'Harry wished he would blink.', 'Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.', 'Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop.', 'He wished Ron would put his wand down.Then a small voice came out of the shadows.“Please, Professor McGonagall — they were looking for me.”“Miss Granger!”Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.“I went looking for the troll because I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, because I’ve read all about them.”Ron dropped his wand.', 'Harry wished he could forget what he’d seen in the mirror as easily, but he couldn’t.', 'Harry didn’t see how he could — yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they’d ever see him alive again.', '“Why?”Harry swallowed — now what?“It’s sort of secret,” he said, but he wished at once he hadn’t, because Professor McGonagall’s nostrils flared.“Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago,” she said coldly.']	{'wished', 'imp. & p. p. of Wish', 'v. <正>希望, 想要, 但愿( wish的过去式和过去分词 ); 祝愿; 盼望, 企求, 想要', 'wiʃt'}
crowded	['If there was one thing the Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything acting in a way it shouldn’t, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoon — they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas.It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families.', 'Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.“Everyone here?', 'They crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously.“Welcome to Hogwarts,” said Professor McGonagall.', '“Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!”Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.“It’s no wonder no one can stand her,” he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “she’s a nightmare, honestly.”Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.']	"{""'kraudid"", 'a. overfilled or compacted or concentrated', 'crowded', 'a. 拥挤的, 塞满的'}"
hurry	['The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop.', 'The people hurrying by didn’t glance at it.', 'His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had gone — but how had he done it?Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost there — and then, quite suddenly, he wasn’t anywhere.There was nothing else for it.“Excuse me,” Harry said to the plump woman.“Hello, dear,” she said.', '“Can we help you with something?”“You’d better hurry up and put your robes on, I’ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we’re nearly there.', 'Come on, hurry up.”Harry glanced down at his broom.', '“Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke.”They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions.', 'And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby.”There was a tap on the dark window.“It’s Hedwig!” said Harry, hurrying to let her in.', 'Harry moved closer.“All right — all right —” he heard Quirrell sob.Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban.', 'He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he’s not going to try it again in a hurry.', '“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?', 'Got time fer a drink?”“Yes, please,” said Ron, but Harry cut him off.“No, we’re in a hurry.', 'Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.”“You don’t understand,” said Harry, “this is important.”But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.I won’t let you do it,” he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole.', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?', 'I take one step forward and she’ll take me — that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!”“But —”“Do you want to stop Snape or not?”“Ron —”“Look, if you don’t hurry up, he’ll already have the Stone!”There was no alternative.“Ready?” Ron called, his face pale but determined.']	"{'n. 匆忙, 急忙, 急促\nvt. 急派, 催促\nvi. 匆忙, 赶快', 'hurry', ""'hʌri"", 'n. a condition of urgency making it necessary to hurry'}"
gorilla	['It wasn’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn’t blond.Harry had the best morning he’d had in a long time.']	"{'n. 大猩猩, 残暴的男人, 歹徒', ""gә'rilә"", 'n. largest anthropoid ape; terrestrial and vegetarian; of forests of central west Africa', 'gorilla'}"
scratching	['It wasn’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn’t blond.Harry had the best morning he’d had in a long time.', 'He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.“Um — Hagrid?”“Mm?” said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.“I haven’t got any money — and you heard Uncle Vernon last night…he won’t pay for me to go and learn magic.”“Don’t worry about that,” said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head.', 'He finally tore his eyes away from the Druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans.“You want to be careful with those,” Ron warned Harry.']	{'', 'scratching', 'v. 擦伤；划伤；刮痕（scratch的ing形式）', 'n a harsh noise made by scraping\nv cause friction\nv cut the surface of; wear away the surface of\nv scrape or rub as if to relieve itching\nv postpone indefinitely or annul something that was scheduled\nv remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line\nv gather (money or other resources) together over time\nv carve, cut, or etch into a material or surface'}
remarkably	['It wasn’t bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, except that it wasn’t blond.Harry had the best morning he’d had in a long time.']	"{'remarkably', ""ri'mɑ:kәbli"", 'r to a remarkable degree or extent\nr in a signal manner', 'adv. 显著地, 引人注目地, 非常地'}"
afterward	['They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.After lunch they went to the reptile house.', '“I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.”Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree.']	"{'adv. 然后, 后来', 'r happening at a time subsequent to a reference time', 'afterward', ""'ɑ:ftәwәd""}"
reptile	['They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last.After lunch they went to the reptile house.', 'People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.']	"{'n. any cold-blooded vertebrate of the class Reptilia including tortoises, turtles, snakes, lizards, alligators, crocodiles, and extinct forms', 'n. 爬行动物, 爬虫, 卑鄙的人\na. 爬行的, 爬虫类的, 卑鄙的', 'reptile', ""'reptail""}"
crawling	['Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone.', 'A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast.']	"{'[化] 收缩龟裂; 漆膜收缩龟裂; 表面涂布不匀', 'n a slow mode of locomotion on hands and knees or dragging the body\nv move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground\nv feel as if crawling with insects\nv be full of\nv show submission or fear\nv swim by doing the crawl; they often don\'t know how to crawl""', ""'krɔ:liŋ"", 'crawling'}"
slithering	['Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone.', 'The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor.', 'He unwrapped it.Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds.', 'Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground.', 'Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.']	{'v. （因地面陡峭或湿滑等）跌跌撞撞地溜行( slither的现在分词 ); 滑行; 蛇行; 爬行', 'v to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly\ns moving as on a slippery surface', 'ˈslɪðərɪŋ', 'slithering'}
poisonous	['Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons.', 'It looked as if Norbert’s fangs were poisonous.Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.“It’s not just my hand,” he whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off.']	"{'s. having the qualities or effects of a poison\ns. not safe to eat\ns. marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful', ""'pɒizәnәs"", 'a. 有毒的, 恶毒的, 讨厌的\n[医] 有毒的', 'poisonous'}"
crushed	['It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon’s car and crushed it into a trash can — but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood.']	{'', 's. treated so as to have a permanently wrinkled appearance', 'a. 压碎的, 倒碎的', 'crushed'}
glistening	['In fact, it was fast asleep.Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils.“Make it move,” he whined at his father.']	"{'glistening', 'a. 白花花的；闪亮的；闪耀的', 's. reflecting light', ""'^li:sniŋ""}"
budge	['Uncle Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn’t budge.“Do it again,” Dudley ordered.', 'They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.“Now what?” said Ron.“These birds…they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione.They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering?“They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly.']	{'budge', 'n. United States tennis player who in 1938 was the first to win the Australian and French and English and United States singles championship in the same year (1915-2000)', 'vi. 微微移动\nvt. 推动\nn. 羔羊皮', 'bʌdʒ'}
smartly	['Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.“This is boring,” Dudley moaned.']	"{""'smɑ:ti"", 'smartly', 'r. in a stylish manner', 'adv. 潇洒地, 火辣辣地, 刺痛地'}"
intently	['He shuffled away.Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake.']	"{""in'tentli"", 'adv. 一心一意地, 心无旁物地, 专心地', 'r. with strained or eager attention', 'intently'}"
boredom	['He wouldn’t have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself — no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long.']	"{""'bɒ:dәm"", 'n. 厌烦, 厌倦, 令人厌烦的事物', 'boredom', 'n. the feeling of being bored by something tedious'}"
drumming	['He wouldn’t have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself — no company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long.']	"{'[机] 转鼓加工', ""'drʌmiŋ"", 'n. the act of playing drums', 'drumming'}"
hammering	['It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes.', 'Each of them was pushing a trunk like Harry’s in front of him — and they had an owl.Heart hammering, Harry pushed his cart after them.']	"{""'hæmәriŋ"", 'hammering', 'n the act of pounding (delivering repeated heavy blows)\nv beat with or as if with a hammer\nv create by hammering', 'n. 锤打；锤击；抨击'}"
beady	['If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn’t be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement.', 'It was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes.']	"{'beady', 's. small and round and shiny like a shiny bead or button\ns. covered with beads or jewels or sequins', ""'bi:di"", 'a. 晶亮如小珠的, 饰有珠子的, 起泡的'}"
plainly	['It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:“I get that all the time.”“I know,” Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn’t sure the snake could hear him.', 'Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:Mr. H. PotterThe Cupboard under the Stairs4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurreyThe envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink.']	"{'r. in a simple manner; without extravagance or embellishment', 'adv. 清楚地, 明白地, 简单地, 朴素地, 直率地, 坦白地', 'plainly', ""'pleinli""}"
vigorously	['“It must be really annoying.”The snake nodded vigorously.“Where do you come from, anyway?” Harry asked.The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass.', 'Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter!']	{'', 'adv. 朝气蓬勃, 精力充沛, 壮健, 茁壮, 健壮, 强有力', 'vigorously', 'r. with vigor; in a vigorous manner'}
jabbed	['“It must be really annoying.”The snake nodded vigorously.“Where do you come from, anyway?” Harry asked.The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass.', 'Harry peered at it.Boa Constrictor, Brazil.“Was it nice there?”The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo.']	{'dʒæbd', 'v. （用尖物）戳( jab的过去式和过去分词 ); 猛击; （用尖物）捅', 'v poke or thrust abruptly\nv strike or punch with quick and short blows\nv stab or pierce', 'jabbed'}
constrictor	"['Harry peered at it.Boa Constrictor, Brazil.“Was it nice there?”The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo.', 'What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', ""Everybody knew that Dudley’s gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudley’s gang.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THREELETTERS FROM NO ONET he escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment."", 'Hadn’t he set a boa constrictor on him?Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.“See?” said Hagrid.']"	"{'n. 使压缩的东西, 缩肌, 大蟒\n[医] 缩窄器; 缩肌', 'n. any of various large nonvenomous snakes that kill their prey by crushing it in its coils', 'constrictor', ""kәn'striktә""}"
specimen	['Harry peered at it.Boa Constrictor, Brazil.“Was it nice there?”The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo.']	"{'n. an example regarded as typical of its class\nn. a bit of tissue or blood or urine that is taken for diagnostic purposes', 'specimen', 'n. 样品, 标本, 试料\n[化] 试样', ""'spesimәn""}"
bred	['Harry peered at it.Boa Constrictor, Brazil.“Was it nice there?”The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo.']	{'breed的过去式和过去分词', 'bred', 'v call forth\nv copulate with a female, used especially of horses\nv cause to procreate (animals)\nv have young (animals) or reproduce (organisms)'}
deafening	['“Oh, I see — so you’ve never been to Brazil?”As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.', 'Then —SMASH!The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.A giant of a man was standing in the doorway.', '“…for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points.”The din was deafening.']	"{'deafening', 's. loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss', 'a. 震耳欲聋的', ""'defәniŋ""}"
shout	['He made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more.', '“And don’t ask questions.”Don’t ask questions — that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.“Comb your hair!” he barked, by way of a morning greeting.About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut.', 'But all he’d tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors.', '“Oh, I see — so you’ve never been to Brazil?”As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.', 'There was no stamp.Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.“Hurry up, boy!” shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'Then he shouted, “There’s another one!', 'He shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a cup of tea.', 'He was holding a rifle in his hands – now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.“Who’s there?” he shouted.', 'True, Dudley was now so scared of Harry he wouldn’t stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn’t shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do anything, or shout at him — in fact, they didn’t speak to him at all.', 'Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.“Everyone in?” shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself.', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.“Finch-Fletchley, Justin!”“HUFFLEPUFF!”Sometimes, Harry noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at others it took a little while to decide.', '“Finnigan, Seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.“Granger, Hermione!”Her mione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.', 'When it finally shouted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.”Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!”Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.There weren’t many people left now.', 'Well, if you’re sure — better be GRYFFINDOR!”Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.“Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’”“UP” everyone shouted.Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, “Come and get it, Potter!”Harry grabbed his broom.“No!” shouted Hermione Granger.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', 'This is the end!”They could hear footsteps, Filch running as fast as he could toward Peeves’s shouts.“Oh, move over,” Hermione snarled.', 'Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it — Harry had to put it out with his hat.Ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck.“Wingardium Leviosa!” he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.“You’re saying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione snap.', 'The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'He wasn’t a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing.', 'We won!” shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back.', '“Don’ go shoutin’ about it, what’s the matter with yeh?”“There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact,” said Harry, “about what’s guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy —”“SHHHH!” said Hagrid again.', 'A lamp flared.Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.“Detention!” she shouted.', 'Then they heard a distant shout.“Is that you, Filch?', 'Red sparks, the others are in trouble!”“You two wait here!” Hagrid shouted.', 'He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake.', 'You’ll be expelled!”“SO WHAT” Harry shouted.', '“Let me think — let me think…”The white queen turned her blank face toward him.“Yes…” said Ron softly, “It’s the only way…I’ve got to be taken.”“NO!” Harry and Hermione shouted.“That’s chess!” snapped Ron.', 'Dare he make a break for it?But he hadn’t walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasn’t moving his lips.“He lies…He lies.…”“Potter, come back here!” Quirrell shouted.', '“Better save your own life and join me…or you’ll meet the same end as your parents…They died begging me for mercy…”“LIAR!” Harry shouted suddenly.Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him.']	{'v. utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic manner of speaking)\nv. utter a sudden loud cry', 'ʃaut', 'n. 呼喊, 喊声\nvi. 呼喊, 喊叫, 嚷\nvt. 高喊', 'shout'}
waddling	['YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHAT IT’S DOING!”Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.“Out of the way, you,” he said, punching Harry in the ribs.']	{'v. （像鸭子一样）摇摇摆摆地走( waddle的现在分词 )', 'waddling', 'ˈwɔdlɪŋ', 'p. pr. & vb. n. of Waddle'}
leaning	['What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'He was going to smash right into that barrier and then he’d be in trouble — leaning forward on his cart, he broke into a heavy run — the barrier was coming nearer and nearer — he wouldn’t be able to stop — the cart was out of control — he was a foot away — he closed his eyes ready for the crash —It didn’t come…he kept on running…he opened his eyes.', '“Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', '“I know what this is — it’s Devil’s Snare!”“Oh, I’m so glad we know what it’s called, that’s a great help,” snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck.']	"{'n. an inclination to do something\nn. the act of deviating from a vertical position', 'leaning', 'n. 倾斜, 倾向, 爱好', ""'li:niŋ""}"
leapt	['What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’”With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him.', 'His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', 'The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one —“Out!', '“Now wait jus’ one second!”He had leapt to his feet.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.', 'He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse.', 'It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.', '“Neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.”He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.“Go on then, try and hit me!” said Neville, raising his fists.', '“Look at you both!”She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall.']	{'lept', 'v move forward by leaps and bounds\nv pass abruptly from one state or topic to another\nv jump down from an elevated point\nv cause to jump or leap', 'leapt', 'leap的过去式和过去分词'}
slid	['People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', 'After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.', 'Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if they couldn’t see the Leaky Cauldron at all.', 'He didn’t know what he was going to — but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.“Anyone sitting there?” he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry.', 'The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.“Are you really Harry Potter?” Ron blurted out.Harry nodded.“Oh — well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George’s jokes,” said Ron.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'Anyway —”He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville’s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.', '“You are safe now.”Harry slid off his back.“Good luck, Harry Potter,” said Firenze.']	{'slide的过去式和过去分词', 'v move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner\nv to pass or move unobtrusively or smoothly\nv move smoothly along a surface', 'slid'}
sworn	['People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', '“Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens.']	{'a. bound by or stated on oath', 'sworn', 'swear的过去分词', 'swɒ:n'}
hissing	['People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', '“Moon”…, “Nott”…, “Parkinson”…, then a pair of twin girls, “Patil” and “Patil”…, then “Perks, Sally-Anne”…, and then, at last —“Potter, Harry!”As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.“Potter, did she say?”“The Harry Potter?”The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.', 'He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon.', 'She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.“Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.”“Go away.”“All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re so —”But what they were, they didn’t find out.']	"{'n a fricative sound (especially as an expression of disapproval)\nv make a sharp hissing sound, as if to show disapproval\nv move with a whooshing sound\nv express or utter with a hiss\nv show displeasure, as after a performance or speech', '[电] 嘶嘶声', ""'hisiŋ"", 'hissing'}"
keeper	['People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', 'But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper.', 'He’s a sort of servant, isn’t he?”“He’s the gamekeeper,” said Harry.', 'He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.', 'Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who’ve spotted them, to make them forget.”“So what on earth’s Hagrid up to?” said Hermione.When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’s hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.', '“Yeah…he asked what I did, an’ I told him I was gamekeeper here…He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after…so I told him…an’ I said what I’d always really wanted was a dragon…an’ then…I can’ remember too well, ‘cause he kept buyin’ me drinks…Let’s see…yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an’ we could play cards fer it if I wanted…but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he didn’ want it ter go ter any old home….So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy.…”“And did he — did he seem interested in Fluffy?” Harry asked, trying to keep his voice calm.“Well — yeah — how many three-headed dogs d’yeh meet, even around Hogwarts?']	"{'n. someone in charge of other people', 'n. 监护人, 管理人, 看守人\n[机] 保管人, 看守人, 保持片', 'keeper', ""'ki:pә""}"
gibber	['Piers and Dudley could only gibber.']	"{'gibber', 'vi. 急促而不清楚地说话, 傻乎乎地说话\n[计] 混乱信息, 无用数据', 'v. chatter inarticulately; of monkeys', ""'dʒibә""}"
playfully	['As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon’s car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death.']	{'', 'adv. 开玩笑地；好游玩地', 'playfully', 'r. in a playful manner'}
bitten	['As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon’s car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death.', 'By the next morning, Ron’s bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size.', '“Norbert’s at a tricky stage — nothin’ I can’t handle.”When they told him about Charlie’s letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg.“Aargh!']	"{'bitten', ""'bitn"", 'v to grip, cut off, or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws\nv cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort\nv penetrate or cut, as with a knife\nv deliver a sting to', 'bite的过去分词'}"
squeeze	['As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon’s car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death.', 'Didn’t we swear when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?”That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.“Where’s my letter?” said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.', 'His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room without their noticing anything.']	"{""n. the act of gripping and pressing firmly\nn. a situation in which increased costs cannot be passed on to the customer\nn. (slang) a person's girlfriend or boyfriend\nn. a twisting squeeze"", 'squeeze', 'skwi:z', 'n. 紧握, 挤, 榨, 榨取, 佣金\nvt. 紧握, 挤, 榨取\nvi. 压榨, 榨'}"
sneaking	['Until they were, he couldn’t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.He’d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he’d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash.', 'Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner — what was going on?Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off.', 'He’d had it with sneaking around and spying.', '“Useful things…your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here.”“And there’s something else…”“Fire away.”“Quirrell said Snape —”“Professor Snape, Harry.”“Yes, him — Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father.']	"{'a. 偷偷逃走的, 暗中的, 卑微的\n[法] 隐密的, 鬼祟的, 卑怯的', 'sneaking', 's. not openly expressed', ""'sni:kiŋ""}"
miserable	['Until they were, he couldn’t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.He’d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he’d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash.', 'Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine.']	"{'s. very unhappy; full of misery\ns. characterized by physical misery', ""'mizәrәbl"", 'miserable', 'a. 悲惨的；痛苦的；卑鄙的'}"
strained	['Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'Harry strained to catch what they were saying.“…d-don’t know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, Severus…”“Oh, I thought we’d keep this private,” said Snape, his voice icy.', 'Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.“Stop moving!” Hermione ordered them.']	"{""'streind"", 's. showing signs of mental and emotional tension', 'a. 紧张的, 滤过的, 矫饰的\n[法] 牵强附会的, 勉强的, 紧张的', 'strained'}"
blinding	['Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'As Hagrid’s story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.Hagrid was watching him sadly.“Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore’s orders.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{'v render unable to see\nv make blind by putting the eyes out\nv make dim by comparison or conceal\ns shining intensely', ""'blaindiŋ"", 'a. 使人眩目的, 使人失去判断力的\nn. 碎石子', 'blinding'}"
rushed	['It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon’s car and crushed it into a trash can — but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood.', 'After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything.', 'His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasn’t steering.Harry’s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'It looked as if Norbert’s fangs were poisonous.Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.“It’s not just my hand,” he whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off.', 'Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and —FLUMP.', 'Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match.']	{'', 'v move fast\nv attack suddenly\nv urge to an unnatural speed\nv act or move at high speed\nv run with the ball, in football\nv cause to move fast or to rush or race\nv cause to occur rapidly\ns done under pressure', 'a. 匆忙的；贸然的', 'rushed'}
waved	['A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus.', '“I can, you know, do math and stuff.”But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, “About our world, I mean.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', 'Harry saw the boys’ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner.', 'Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.', 'Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch’s voice.', 'And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry’s knobbly knees — Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them.', 'He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.“What can you see?” Hermione said anxiously.“Nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.”Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.“You want to go first?', '“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.']	{'', 'waved', 'a. 波浪形的, 起伏的', 'v signal with the hands or nod\nv move or swing back and forth\nv move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion\nv twist or roll into coils or ringlets\nv set waves in'}
merrily	['A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard’s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey.', 'He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.“Wonder what it’s like to have a peaceful life,” Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting.']	"{'r in a joyous manner', ""'merili"", 'merrily', 'adv. 愉快地, 高兴地'}"
shaken	['A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word.', 'The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.“Had to let that happen,” said Ron, looking shaken.', 'He’d seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.Quirrell cursed under his breath.“I don’t understand…is the Stone inside the mirror?']	"{'v move or cause to move back and forth\nv move with or as if with a tremor\nv shake or vibrate rapidly and intensively\nv move back and forth or sideways\nv undermine or cause to waver\nv stir the feelings, emotions, or peace of\nv get rid of\nv bring to a specified condition by or as if by shaking\nv shake (a body part) to communicate a greeting, feeling, or cognitive state\ns disturbed psychologically as if by a physical jolt or shock', 'shake的过去分词', ""'ʃeikәn"", 'shaken'}"
vanish	['What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to get a closer look.At school, Harry had no one.', 'Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.', 'They all ducked.“Go away, Peeves, or the Baron’ll hear about this, I mean it!” barked Percy.Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville’s head.', 'Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.', 'She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.“There’s a note!” said Ron suddenly.', 'In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place.']	"{'vi. 消失, 不见, 成为零', ""'væniʃ"", 'vanish', 'v. become invisible or unnoticeable\nv. cease to exist\nv. decrease rapidly and disappear'}"
crossed	['By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley’s gang, who visited the house every single day.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered.', 'They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.', 'Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.“You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy.Ron snapped.', 'You got Hermione’s owl?”“We must have crossed in midair.']	{'a. placed crosswise\na. (of a check) marked for deposit only as indicated by having two lines drawn across it', 'krɒst', 'crossed', 'a. 十字的, 划掉的, 交叉的\n[计] 交叉的'}
wandering	['The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Dudley’s favorite sport: Harry Hunting.This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.“You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody’s been in the library Restricted Section.”Harry felt the blood drain out of his face.', 'They tried retracing Harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.“I’m freezing,” said Ron.', 'Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around.', 'They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.“Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled.', 'He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like singing.He ran back down to the common room.“We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —”“What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room.']	"{'a. 漫游的, 徘徊的, 流浪的, 蜿蜒的\nn. 闲逛, 流浪, 离题, 胡言乱语', 'n. travelling about without any clear destination', 'wandering', ""'wɒndәriŋ""}"
stonewall	[]	"{'vi. 防守挡击, 围以石墙, 妨碍或阻碍', ""stәun'wɒ:l"", 'stonewall', 'v. obstruct or hinder any discussion\nv. engage in delaying tactics or refuse to cooperate'}"
tripping	['It turned out she’d broken her leg tripping over one of her cats, and she didn’t seem quite as fond of them as before.']	"{'v miss a step and fall or nearly fall\nv cause to stumble\nv make a trip for pleasure\nv put in motion or move to act\nv get high, stoned, or drugged\ns characterized by a buoyant rhythm\ns moving easily and quickly; nimble', ""'tripiŋ"", 'a. 轻快的', 'tripping'}"
tasted	['She let Harry watch television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she’d had it for several years.That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.']	{'v. 尝, 品尝, 尝到( taste的过去式和过去分词 ); 吃; 喝; 浅尝', 'tasted', 'imp. & p. p. of Taste', 'teistid'}
maroon	['Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', '“Come on, get it on, they’re lovely and warm.”“I hate maroon,” Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.“You haven’t got a letter on yours,” George observed.']	"{'maroon', ""mә'ru:n"", 'n. 逃亡黑人奴隶, 褐紫红色, 爆竹\na. 褐紫红色的\nvt. 放逐到无人岛上, 使孤立\nvi. 闲荡, 带帐篷旅行', 'n. a person who is stranded (as on an island)\nn. a dark purplish-red to dark brownish-red color\nn. an exploding firework used as a warning signal\nv. leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue'}"
knickerbockers	['Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'This was supposed to be good training for later life.As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.']	"{""'nikәbɔkәz"", 'n trousers ending above the knee', 'knickerbockers', '灯笼裤'}"
straw	['Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.']	{'straw', 'n. plant fiber used e.g. for making baskets and hats or as fodder\nn. a thin paper or plastic tube used to suck liquids into the mouth\nv. cover or provide with or as if with straw\ns. of a pale yellow color like straw; straw-colored', 'strɒ:', 'n. 稻草, 麦管, 吸管, 一文不值的东西, 草帽\na. 稻草的, 稻草色的, 琐碎的, 无价值的'}
gruffly	['This was supposed to be good training for later life.As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.', 'He couldn’t stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.“Don’ mention it,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.']	"{""'grʌfli"", 'r. in a gruff manner', 'adv. 粗暴地, 粗声地', 'gruffly'}"
handsome	['Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she couldn’t believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he looked so handsome and grown-up.', '‘course, he shoulda sacked me instead — anyway, got yeh this.…”It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book.']	"{'a. 英俊的, 大方的, 慷慨的, 相当可观的, 美观的, 灵敏的', 'handsome', 's pleasing in appearance especially by reason of conformity to ideals of form and proportion\ns given or giving freely', ""'hænsәm""}"
grownup	[]	"{'grownup', 'n a fully developed person from maturity onward\ns (of animals) fully developed', ""'ɡrәun.ʌp"", 'n. 成年人'}"
cracked	['He thought two of his ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh.', 'In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet.Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside.']	{'cracked', 'krækt', 'a. 破碎的, 破裂的, 声音嘶哑的\n[建] 有裂缝的, 裂化的', 'v become fractured; break or crack on the surface only\nv make a very sharp explosive sound\nv make a sharp sound\nv hit forcefully; deal a hard blow, making a cracking noise\nv pass through (a barrier)\nv break partially but keep its integrity\nv break suddenly and abruptly, as under tension\nv gain unauthorized access computers with malicious intentions\nv suffer a nervous breakdown\nv tell spontaneously\nv cause to become cracked\nv reduce (petroleum) to a simpler compound by cracking\nv break into simpler molecules by means of heat\ns used of skin roughened as a result of cold or exposure\ns of paint or varnish; having the appearance of alligator hide\ns informal or slang terms for mentally irregular'}
dyeing	['“I’m dyeing some of Dudley’s old things gray for you.']	"{'dyeing', ""'daiiŋ"", 'n. 染色, 染色工艺\na. 染色的', 'n. the use of dye to change the color of something permanently'}"
wrinkled	['He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall High — like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably.Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from Harry’s new uniform.', 'The goblin wrinkled his nose.']	"{'a. 具皱的, 有皱纹的', 'a. marked by wrinkles', 'wrinkled', ""'riŋkld""}"
flop	['Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.“Get the mail, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.“Make Harry get it.”“Get the mail, Harry.”“Make Dudley get it.”“Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.”Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail.', 'He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.“You know, I think the ends of Scabbers’ whiskers are a bit lighter,” said Harry, trying to take Ron’s mind off houses.', 'The baby dragon flopped onto the table.', '“I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.”Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree.']	{'n. 砰然落下, 拍击声, 失败\nvi. 笨重地摔, 猛落\nvt. 笨拙地抛下\nadv. 噗通', 'flop', 'flɒp', 'n. someone who is unsuccessful\nn. a complete failure\nn. the act of throwing yourself down\nv. fall loosely'}
poke	['He didn’t look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.“Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.”He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone.', 'And where did you get that motorcycle?”“Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sir,” said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.', 'Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.', 'I forbid you to tell the boy anything!”A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.“You never told him?', 'Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.“Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?” Harry asked.“Spells — enchantments,” said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke.', 'Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.“Hmmm,” said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.', 'Harry supposed that meant yes.“Thank you.”He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.“Funny way to get to a wizards’ school, the train.', 'He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'Nobody spoke much.', 'He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word — like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort.', 'The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.“But we’re not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know what’s good for you,” said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon.Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn’t mentioned the date.“Hagrid!” said Harry, “that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!', 'She opened the door and poked her head inside.“Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?”Wood?', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, “I can’t believe you’re going to do this, Harry.”A lamp flickered on.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', 'Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.It was Hermione who spoke first.“Is it — dead?”“I don’t think so,” said Harry, I think it’s just been knocked out.”He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll’s nose.', 'A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.', 'Worst of all were Professor Snape’s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.“I do feel so sorry,” said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they’re not wanted at home.”He was looking over at Harry as he spoke.', 'Ouch!”Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.', 'Dare he make a break for it?But he hadn’t walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasn’t moving his lips.“He lies…He lies.…”“Potter, come back here!” Quirrell shouted.', 'What did you just see?”The high voice spoke again.“Let me speak to him…face-to-face…”“Master, you are not strong enough!”“I have strength enough…for this…”Harry felt as if Devil’s Snare was rooting him to the spot.', '“Who is it?”Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke.']	{'n. 刺, 戳, 袋子\nvt. 戳, 捅, 拨弄, 刺\nvi. 戳, 刺, 捅, 搜索, 伸出, 行动散慢\n[计] 存数', 'n. tall coarse perennial American herb having small white flowers followed by blackish-red berries on long drooping racemes; young fleshy stems are edible; berries and root are poisonous\nv. stir by poking\nv. make a hole by poking', 'poke', 'pәuk'}
wight	[]	{'n. 人类,人', 'n. an isle and county of southern England in the English Channel', 'wait', 'Wight'}
elastic	['Three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon’s sister Marge, who was vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and — a letter for Harry.Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastic band.']	"{""i'læstik"", 'n. 松紧带, 橡皮筋\na. 有弹性的, 能伸缩的, 可通融的', 'n. a fabric made of yarns containing an elastic material\na. capable of resuming original shape after stretching or compression; springy\ns. able to adjust readily to different conditions', 'elastic'}"
rude	['He had no friends, no other relatives — he didn’t belong to the library, so he’d never even got rude notes asking for books back.', '“A poltergeist.” He raised his voice, “Peeves — show yourself.”A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.“Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?”There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.“Oooooooh!” he said, with an evil cackle.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', 'I can see —”“Be quiet, Ginny, and it’s rude to point.”Mrs.']	{'ru:d', 'rude', 's socially incorrect in behavior\ns (of persons) lacking in refinement or grace\na lacking civility or good manners\ns (used especially of commodities) being unprocessed or manufactured using only simple or minimal processes\ns belonging to an early stage of technical development; characterized by simplicity and (often) crudeness', 'a. 粗鲁无礼的, 粗陋的, 粗暴的, 原始的, 未开化的, 大略的, 崎岖不平的, 狂暴的'}
yellowish	['Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:Mr. H. PotterThe Cupboard under the Stairs4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurreyThe envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink.', 'An’ I reckon it’s abou’ time yeh read yer letter.”Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.']	"{""'jelәuiʃ"", 'yellowish', 's of the color intermediate between green and orange in the color spectrum; of something resembling the color of an egg yolk', 'a. 淡黄的, 微黄的'}"
parchment	['Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:Mr. H. PotterThe Cupboard under the Stairs4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurreyThe envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink.', '“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.“Still got yer letter, Harry?” he asked as he counted stitches.Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.“Good,” said Hagrid.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'They stopped to buy parchment and quills.', 'If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.“When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,” she said.', 'Why aren’t you all copying that down?”There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment.', 'When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.']	"{'n. a superior paper resembling sheepskin\nn. skin of a sheep or goat prepared for writing on', 'parchment', ""'pɑ:tʃmәnt"", 'n. 羊皮纸, 毕业文凭, 学位证书'}"
trembling	['There was no stamp.Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.“Hurry up, boy!” shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.', 'Harry opened it with trembling fingers.', '“An’ don’ ask me questions just now, I think I’m gonna be sick.”He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.Griphook unlocked the door.', 'He got to his feet, trembling.“Never — in all my time at Hogwarts —”Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, “— how dare you — might have broken your neck —”“It wasn’t his fault, Professor —”“Be quiet, Miss Patil —”“But Malfoy —”“That’s enough, Mr. Weasley.', 'They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs.It was a while before any of them said anything.', 'Neville’s legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling.', 'Hermione was trembling.', 'Harry’s knees were trembling.']	"{""'trembliŋ"", 'a. 发抖的, 战栗的\n[医] 震颤, 震动', 'trembling', 'n a shaky motion\nv move or jerk quickly and involuntarily up and down or sideways\ns vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the leaves of an aspen in a breeze'}"
badger	['There was no stamp.Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H.“Hurry up, boy!” shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.']	"{'n. sturdy carnivorous burrowing mammal with strong claws; widely distributed in the northern hemisphere\nv. persuade through constant efforts', 'n. 獾, 獾皮毛\nvt. 纠缠', ""'bædʒә"", 'badger'}"
disgust	['He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.“Marge’s ill,” he informed Aunt Petunia.', 'Mind you, I brought Scabbers, so I can’t talk.”The rat was still snoozing on Ron’s lap.“He might have died and you wouldn’t know the difference,” said Ron in disgust.', 'Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul…”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right.', 'Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.“I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.']	"{""dis'gʌst"", 'disgust', 'n. strong feelings of dislike\nv. fill with distaste\nv. cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of', 'n. 厌恶, 嫌恶\nvi. 令人厌恶\nvt. 使作呕'}"
whelk	['“Ate a funny whelk.…”“Dad!” said Dudley suddenly.']	"{'n. large marine snail much used as food in Europe\nn. large carnivorous marine gastropods of coastal waters and intertidal regions having a strong snail-like shell\nv. gather whelk', 'whelk', ""'hwelk"", 'n. 酒刺, 峨螺\n[医] 酒刺, 面部丘疹'}"
unfolding	['“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.“Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?” Harry asked.“Spells — enchantments,” said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke.']	"{'[化] 解折叠; 开折; 伸展', ""ʌn'fәuldiŋ"", 'n. a developmental process', 'unfolding'}"
snatch	['“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', 'Try —”Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.“No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.', 'Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red — oh…” His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “…you’ve forgotten something….”Neville was trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.', '“Never thought you’d like fat little crybabies, Parvati.”“Look!” said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass.', 'They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.']	{'n. 抢夺, 攫取, 片断\nvt. 夺取, 攫取\nvi. 想抢走, 攫取', 'snatch', 'n. a small fragment\nn. a weightlift in which the barbell is lifted overhead in one rapid motion\nv. to grasp hastily or eagerly\nv. to make grasping motions', 'snætʃ'}
shaking	"['“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', 'A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, “Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.…”A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.“I don’t know, sir.”“Thought you wouldn’t open a book before coming, eh, Potter?” Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those cold eyes.', 'He was shaking and out of breath.', 'He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.“Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered.“Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking.', 'What they really needed was a nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', '“What do you see?”Harry screwed up his courage.“I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore,” he invented.', 'I should be chucked out an’ made ter live as a Muggle!”“Hagrid!” said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.', 'Snape was shaking Professor McGonagall’s hand, with a horrible, forced smile.']"	"{'n. 摇动, 挥动\n[医] 震动法(一种按摩法); 摇动, 振荡', 'shaking', ""'ʃeikiŋ"", 'n. the act of causing something to move up and down (or back and forth) with quick movements\nn. a shaky motion'}"
glancing	['“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years.', 'Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.', '“Mars is bright tonight.”“Yeah,” said Hagrid, glancing up, too.']	"{""'glɑ:nsiŋ"", 'glancing', 'v throw a glance at; take a brief look at\nv hit at an angle', 'a. 斜的, 附带的, 随便的'}"
grayish	['Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped.Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach.']	"{'a. 浅灰色的, 微带灰色的', 's of an achromatic color of any lightness intermediate between the extremes of white and black', ""'greiiʃ"", 'grayish'}"
porridge	['Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped.Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach.', 'They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost once.“What have we got today?” Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge.“Double Potions with the Slytherins,” said Ron.']	"{'n. 粥, 糊', 'porridge', 'n. soft food made by boiling oatmeal or other meal or legumes in water or milk until thick', ""'pɒ:ridʒ""}"
faint	['I’ve written them a letter.”“A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall.', 'For a moment it looked as though she might faint.', 'Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?”Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry didn’t have the faintest idea what a bezoar was.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint.', 'Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.Snape bent over the troll.', 'Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn’t be.He had to start somewhere.', '“Right, follow me, but careful, now.”They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.', 'He’s a centaur.“We’d noticed,” said Hermione faintly.“Good evening,” said Ronan.']	{'faint', 'n. a spontaneous loss of consciousness caused by insufficient blood to the brain\nv. pass out from weakness, physical or emotional distress due to a loss of blood supply to the brain\ns. deficient in magnitude; barely perceptible; lacking clarity or brightness or loudness etc\ns. lacking strength or vigor', 'feint', 'n. 昏厥, 昏倒\na. 模糊的, 微弱的, 无力的\nvi. 昏倒, 变得微弱'}
choking	['She clutched her throat and made a choking noise.“Vernon!', '“We can’t go in there at night — there’s all sorts of things in there — werewolves, I heard.”Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry’s robe and made a choking noise.“That’s your problem, isn’t it?” said Filch, his voice cracking with glee.']	"{'n. a condition caused by blocking the airways to the lungs (as with food or swelling of the larynx)\nn. the act of suffocating (someone) by constricting the windpipe', 'a. 窒息的, 气闷的, 透不过气来的\n[化] 壅塞; 噎塞', 'choking', ""'tʃәukiŋ""}"
goodness	['Oh my goodness — Vernon!”They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room.', 'There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that’s interesting….So where shall I put you?”Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice.', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!']	"{'n that which is pleasing or valuable or useful\nn moral excellence or admirableness', 'n. 仁慈, 善良', ""'gudnis"", 'goodness'}"
seeming	['Oh my goodness — Vernon!”They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room.']	"{'a. 表面上的\nn. 外观', ""'si:miŋ"", 'seeming', ""v give a certain impression or have a certain outward aspect\nv seem to be true, probable, or apparent\nv appear to exist\nv appear to one's own mind or opinion\ns appearing as such but not necessarily so""}"
stuffing	['He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'Panicking, he heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside — stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it.']	"{'n. 填塞物, 填料', ""'stʌfiŋ"", 'n. a mixture of seasoned ingredients used to stuff meats and vegetables\nn. padding put in mattresses and cushions and upholstered furniture', 'stuffing'}"
furious	"['For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid’s shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out.“Well,” said Dumbledore finally, “that’s that.', 'The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she’d ever owned.“Now what?” said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he’d planned this.', 'After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', 'While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.“Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?” Dudley asked Harry in amazement.', 'I forbid you to tell the boy anything!”A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.“You never told him?', 'Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry…chased by Dudley’s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach…dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?', 'Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry in it were empty.', 'He got to his feet, trembling.“Never — in all my time at Hogwarts —”Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, “— how dare you — might have broken your neck —”“It wasn’t his fault, Professor —”“Be quiet, Miss Patil —”“But Malfoy —”“That’s enough, Mr. Weasley.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', '“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'Red card!”“What are you talking about, Dean?” said Ron.“Red card!” said Dean furiously.', ""You forget that dog, an’ you forget what it’s guardin’, that’s between Professor Dumbledore an’ Nicolas Flamel —”“Aha!” said Harry, “so there’s someone called Nicolas Flamel involved, is there?”Hagrid looked furious with himself.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWELVETHE MIRROR OF ERISEDC hristmas was coming."", 'The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Norris’s Christmas dinner.Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds.', 'His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.But the room was empty.', 'He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.“Right then,” said Hagrid, “now, listen carefully, ‘cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ I don’ want no one takin’ risks.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']"	"{'a. 狂怒的, 激烈的, 吵闹的', ""'fjuәriәs"", 's marked by extreme and violent energy\ns marked by extreme anger\ns (of the elements) as if showing violent anger', 'furious'}"
keyhole	['Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'After a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.“That one!” he called to the others.']	"{'n. the hole where a key is inserted', 'keyhole', ""'ki:hәul"", 'n. 键孔, 栓孔, 锁眼\na. 显示内情的'}"
dangling	['Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', 'The lighted dial of Dudley’s watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry he’d be eleven in ten minutes’ time.', 'He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand.“Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?” Seamus whispered.“Can’t have,” Hagrid said, his voice shaking.']	{'', '[计] 悬挂的, 悬浮的, 悬摆的', 'n the act of suspending something (hanging it from above so it moves freely)\nv hang freely\nv cause to dangle or hang freely', 'dangling'}
quivering	['Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor.“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where he sleeps?', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', '“I wondered whether I’d be meeting you here, Potter.”“But I thought — Snape —”“Severus?” Quirrell laughed, and it wasn’t his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp.']	"{'n a shaky motion\nn the act of vibrating\nv shake with fast, tremulous movements\nv move back and forth very rapidly\nv move with or as if with a regular alternating motion', ""'kwivәriŋ"", 'quivering', 'a. 颤动的, 抖动的'}"
wildly	['You don’t think they’re watching the house?”“Watching — spying — might be following us,” muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.“But what should we do, Vernon?', 'Yer parents’ world.”“What world?”Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.“DURSLEY!” he boomed.Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.“But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” he said.', 'Aunt Petunia wouldn’t have let it in the house.Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing — noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too.', 'The pain in his head lessened — he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers — they were blistering before his eyes.“Seize him!']	{'', 'wildly', 'r. to an extreme or greatly exaggerated degree\nr. in an uncontrolled or unrestrained manner\nr. with violent and uncontrollable passion', 'adv. 狂暴地, 激动地, 狂热地, 鲁莽地, 轻率地'}
shiny	['Tell them we don’t want —”Harry could see Uncle Vernon’s shiny black shoes pacing up and down the kitchen.“No,” he said finally.', 'He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny silver badge on his chest with the letter P on it.“Can’t stay long, Mother,” he said.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{""'ʃaini"", 's reflecting light\na having a shiny surface or coating\ns made smooth and bright by or as if by rubbing; reflecting a sheen or glow', 'a. 有光泽的, 发光的, 辉煌的, 磨光的, 磨损的', 'shiny'}"
swear	['As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon’s car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death.', 'Didn’t we swear when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?”That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.“Where’s my letter?” said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.']	{'v. promise solemnly; take an oath\nv. make a deposition; declare under oath', 'swear', 'vt. 发誓, 咒骂, 使宣誓\nvi. 发誓, 诅咒\nn. 诅咒, 誓言', 'swєә'}
burned	['“I have burned it.”“It was not a mistake,” said Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.”“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	{'', 'burned', 'burn的过去式和过去分词\n[机] 焦化', 's. treated by heating to a high temperature but below the melting or fusing point\ns. destroyed or badly damaged by fire\ns. ruined by overcooking'}
parrot	['The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor’s dog; in the corner was Dudley’s first-ever television set, which he’d put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley had sat on it.']	"{""'pærәt"", 'parrot', 'n. usually brightly colored zygodactyl tropical birds with short hooked beaks and the ability to mimic sounds\nn. a copycat who does not understand the words or acts being imitated\nv. repeat mindlessly', 'n. 鹦鹉, 应声虫\nvt. 学舌, 机械地模仿'}"
rifle	['The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor’s dog; in the corner was Dudley’s first-ever television set, which he’d put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley had sat on it.', 'He was holding a rifle in his hands – now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them.“Who’s there?” he shouted.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'He suspected he wouldn’t have lost so badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him so much.After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they’d stolen his prefect badge.It had been Harry’s best Christmas day ever.']	"{'n. 来复枪, 步枪\nvt. 用步枪射击, 抢夺\nvi. (抱有不良意图)迅速翻查', 'rifle', ""n. a shoulder firearm with a long barrel and a rifled bore\nv. go through in search of something; search through someone's belongings in an unauthorized way"", ""'raifl""}"
downstairs	['They were the only things in the room that looked as though they’d never been touched.From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don’t want him in there…I need that room…make him get out...”Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed.', 'He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first.', 'As they couldn’t go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.Uncle Vernon stayed at home again.', 'They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars.']	"{'n. 楼下\na. 楼下的\nadv. 在楼下', ""'daun'stєәz"", 'downstairs', 'a. on or of lower floors of a building\nr. on a floor below'}"
tortoise	['He’d screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn’t have his room back.']	"{'n. usually herbivorous land turtles having clawed elephant-like limbs; worldwide in arid area except Australia and Antarctica', 'tortoise', ""'tɒ:tәs"", 'n. 龟, 行动迟缓的人'}"
bitterly	['Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he’d opened the letter in the hall.', '“Wonder what’s wrong with his leg?”“Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly.The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.']	"{'adv. 怨恨地, 悲痛地, 残酷地', ""'bitәli"", 'bitterly', 'r. with bitterness, in a resentful manner\nr. indicating something hard to accept'}"
banging	['They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall.', 'Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table.']	"{'n. 消音器内爆炸', 'n. a continuing very loud noise', ""'bæŋiŋ"", 'banging'}"
wrestle	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.']	"{""'resl"", 'wrestle', 'n. 摔跤, 角力, 扭斗\nvi. 摔跤, 搏斗, 斗争, 斟酌\nvt. 与(对手)摔跤', 'n. the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat\nv. combat to overcome an opposing tendency or force\nv. engage in deep thought, consideration, or debate\nv. engage in a wrestling match'}"
gasping	['After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron.']	"{'gasping', 'v breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted', 'a. 痉挛的, 阵发性的', ""'gæspiŋ""}"
stole	['He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'He suspected he wouldn’t have lost so badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him so much.After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they’d stolen his prefect badge.It had been Harry’s best Christmas day ever.', 'What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?“Are you all right?” said Ron.', 'I’ve waiting for you in the common room, we’re having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.”“Never mind that now,” said Harry breathlessly.', 'It was almost stolen outta Gringotts — I s’ppose yeh’ve worked that out an’ all?']	{'stәul', 'n. 女用披肩, 圣衣\nsteal的过去式', 'n. a wide scarf worn about their shoulders by women', 'stole'}
postman	['He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights.He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first.']	"{'n a man who delivers the mail', 'postman', 'n. 邮递员\n[法] 邮递员, 理财法庭的高级律师', ""'pәustmәn""}"
trodden	['His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', '“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.']	"{""'trɔdn"", 'tread的过去分词', 'trodden', ""v put down or press the foot, place the foot\nv tread or stomp heavily or roughly\nv crush as if by treading on\nv brace (an archer's bow) by pressing the foot against the center\nv apply (the tread) to a tire\nv mate with""}"
squashy	['His heart hammered as he crept across the dark hall toward the front door —“AAAAARRRGH!”Harry leapt into the air; he’d trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat — something alive!Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uncle’s face.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'They all scrambled through it — Neville needed a leg up — and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.']	"{'squashy', ""'skwɒʃi"", 's like a pulp or overripe; not having stiffness\ns (of soil) soft and watery\ns easily squashed; resembling a sponge in having soft porous texture and compressibility', 'a. 又湿又软的, 柔软的, 熟透的'}"
miserably	['Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon’s lap.', 'He keeps getting away from me!”“He’ll turn up,” said Harry.“Yes,” said the boy miserably.', 'She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.', 'Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they’ve been here, and people still like them.”“They’ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?” said Harry miserably.“Well — no,” Ron admitted.It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren’t his business from now on.', 'Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.“What’ve you done to him?” Harry whispered.“It’s the full Body-Bind,” said Hermione miserably.']	"{'miserably', 'r. in a miserable manner', ""'mizәrәbli"", 'adv. 非常不幸地, 可悲地, 贫困地'}"
tearing	['Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.“I want —” he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into pieces before his eyes.Uncle Vernon didn’t go to work that day.', '“And that reminds me — Harry, Ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.”“Oh yeah, you’re right,” said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.“The library?” said Hagrid, following them out of the hall.', 'He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened.']	"{""'tєәriŋ"", 'tearing', 'n shedding tears\nv separate or cause to separate abruptly\nv to separate or be separated by force\nv move quickly and violently\nv strip of feathers\nv fill with tears or shed tears\ns marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid', 'a. 撕裂般的, 痛苦的, 猛烈的\n[化] 断开; 撕裂'}"
mouthful	['He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.“See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them they’ll just give up.”“I’m not sure that’ll work, Vernon.”“Oh, these people’s minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they’re not like you and me,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry.', 'Snape’s refereeing this time, and he’ll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!”George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.“Snape’s refereeing?” he spluttered through a mouthful of mud.']	"{'n. 一口, 满口', 'n. the quantity that can be held in the mouth', ""'mauθful"", 'mouthful'}"
fruitcake	['He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.“See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them they’ll just give up.”“I’m not sure that’ll work, Vernon.”“Oh, these people’s minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they’re not like you and me,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry.']	"{'n. a rich cake containing dried fruit and nuts and citrus peel and so on', ""'fru:tkeik"", 'n. 掺有干果的糕饼', 'fruitcake'}"
slotted	['As they couldn’t go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom.Uncle Vernon stayed at home again.']	{'slotted', '', 'v assign a time slot', 'a. 有沟槽的；有裂痕的'}
tiptoe	['People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.', 'They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.Malfoy and Crabbe weren’t there yet.']	"{'tiptoe', 'n. 脚尖\nvi. 用脚尖走\nadv. 踮着脚\na. 踮着脚走的, 偷偷摸摸的', ""n. the tip of a toe\nv. walk on one's toes\ns. walking on the tips of ones's toes so as to make no noise\nr. on tiptoe or as if on tiptoe"", ""'tiptәu""}"
milkman	['Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window.']	"{'n. someone who delivers milk', ""'milkmәn"", 'milkman', 'n. 牛奶商, 送奶工, 挤奶的男人'}"
amazement	['While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.“Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?” Dudley asked Harry in amazement.', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.', 'Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it’s all for the best.”“But that means he and his wife will die, won’t they?”“They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.”Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry’s face.“To one as young as you, I’m sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day.']	"{'n. 惊愕, 惊异', 'n the feeling that accompanies something extremely surprising', 'amazement', ""ә'meizmәnt""}"
cheerfully	['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.“Could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully.He was in a very good mood.', 'The babble died away.“Another year gone!” Dumbledore said cheerfully.']	"{""'tʃiәfuli"", 'r. in a cheerful manner', 'cheerfully', 'adv. 高高兴兴地'}"
marmalade	['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', '“When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe.', 'This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harry’s plate.']	"{'n. a preserve made of the pulp and rind of citrus fruits', ""'mɑ:mleid"", 'marmalade', 'n. (橘子等制成的)果酱'}"
damn	['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.']	{'damn', 'n. something of little value\ns. used as expletives', 'dæm', 'n. 一点, 诅咒, 丝毫\ninterj. 该死, 该死的\nvt. 诅咒, 罚...下地狱\nvi. 指责, 谴责, 骂...该死, 证明...有罪'}
whizzing	['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.']	{'', 'n. 旋离；离心分离', 'whizzing', 'v make a soft swishing sound'}
pelting	['Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.']	"{'n anything happening rapidly or in quick successive\nv cast, hurl, or throw repeatedly with some missile\nv attack and bombard with or as if with missiles\nv rain heavily', 'a. 没价值的, 微不足道的, (非正式)发怒的', 'pelting', ""'peltiŋ""}"
waist	['OUT!”Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail.']	{'n. 腰部, 腰\n[医] 腰', 'weist', 'n. the narrowing of the body between the ribs and hips', 'waist'}
bouncing	['They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.“That does it,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.']	"{'a. 跳跃的, 巨大的, 活泼的\n[经] 由于资金不足而拒付支票', 'bouncing', 's. vigorously healthy\ns. marked by lively action', ""'baunsiŋ""}"
wrenched	['Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.', 'She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.', 'Harry!”He felt Quirrell’s arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down…down… down….Something gold was glinting just above him.']	{'wrenched', 'v. （猛力地）扭( wrench的过去式和过去分词 ); 扭伤; 使感到痛苦; 使悲痛', 'rentʃt', 'imp. & p. p. of Wrench'}
speeding	['Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.', 'Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', '“That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.”Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.“We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing.']	"{'n changing location rapidly\nv move fast\nv move faster\nv move very fast\nv travel at an excessive or illegal velocity\nv cause to move faster', ""'spi:diŋ"", 'speeding', 'n. 超速行驶'}"
mutter	['He chuckled and muttered, “I should have known.”He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket.', 'You don’t think they’re watching the house?”“Watching — spying — might be following us,” muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.“But what should we do, Vernon?', 'Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.“Shake ’em off…shake ’em off,” he would mutter whenever he did this.They didn’t stop to eat or drink all day.', 'Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he’d never had so many questions in his life.“Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page.“There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Harry asked, before he could stop himself.“’Course,” said Hagrid.', '“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.', 'Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.“Three up…two across…” he muttered.', 'Well, well, well…how curious…how very curious…”He put Harry’s wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, “Curious…curious…“Sorry,” said Harry, “but what’s curious?”Mr.', 'In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.', 'Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.“And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.”Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.“He’s not serious?” he muttered to Percy.“Must be,” said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.', 'Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.“Great food, isn’t it?” Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.', 'That’s another point you’ve lost for Gryffindor.”This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.“Don’t push it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.”As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’s mind was racing and his spirits were low.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.“The keys in the lock,” Harry muttered.', 'Five points from Gryffindor.”“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away.', 'He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', 'Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', 'They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.“I know,” Ron snapped.', 'Not even one of the teachers?”“Not a soul knows except me an’ Dumbledore,” said Hagrid proudly.“Well, that’s something,” Harry muttered to the others.', 'Where’s Mommy?”“He’s lost his marbles,” Ron muttered in Harry’s ear.“Hagrid,” said Harry loudly, “give it two weeks and Norbert’s going to be as long as your house.', 'Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.“Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning.', '“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.', 'He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.“We’re nearly there,” he muttered suddenly.', 'Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.', 'I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.”“Snape was trying to save me?”“Of course,” said Quirrell coolly.']	"{'n. 喃喃低语\nvi. 喃喃自语, 作低沉声\nvt. 出怨言, 抱怨地说', 'n. a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech', ""'mʌtә"", 'mutter'}"
nightfall	['By nightfall Dudley was howling.']	"{'n the time of day immediately following sunset', ""'naitfɒ:l"", 'n. 傍晚, 黄昏, 日暮', 'nightfall'}"
howling	['By nightfall Dudley was howling.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', '“There is no platform nine and three-quarters.”“It’s on my ticket.”“Barking,” said Uncle Vernon, “howling mad, the lot of them.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{'a. 咆哮的, 极大的, 荒凉的\nn. 啸声', ""'hauliŋ"", 'howling', 'n a long loud emotional utterance\nv emit long loud cries\nv cry loudly, as of animals\nv make a loud noise, as of wind, water, or vehicles\nv laugh unrestrainedly and heartily\ns extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers'}"
damp	['Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets.', 'After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.“Everyone here?', 'Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn’t dampen his spirits.', 'He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.Harry had reached the shed.', 'Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down, down and —FLUMP.', '“Look at you both!”She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall.', '— it likes the dark and the damp.”“So light a fire!” Harry choked.“Yes — of course — but there’s no wood!” Hermione cried, wringing her hands.“HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed.']	{'dæmp', 'n. 潮湿, 湿气\na. 潮湿的\nvt. 使潮湿, 使阻尼, 抑止\nvi. 变潮湿, 衰减', 'damp', 'n. a slight wetness\nv. restrain or discourage\ns. slightly wet'}
musty	['Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets.']	"{'s covered with or smelling of mold\ns stale and unclean smelling', ""'mʌsti"", 'musty', 'a. 发霉的, 霉臭的, 落伍的'}"
stale	['Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.…They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.']	{'steil', 'n. 尿\na. 不新鲜的, 陈腐的, 疲惫的, 陈旧的\nvt. 使变旧, 走味\nvi. 变陈旧, 走味, 失时效, 撒尿', 'v. urinate, of cattle and horses\na. lacking freshness, palatability, or showing deterioration from age', 'stale'}
tinned	['Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.…They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.']	{'tinned', 'a. 镀锡的, 包马口铁的, 包锡的, (英)罐装的\n[电] 镀锡的', 'v plate with tin\nv preserve in a can or tin\nv prepare (a metal) for soldering or brazing by applying a thin layer of solder to the surface\ns sealed in a can or jar', 'tind'}
toast	['Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering.…They ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day.', 'Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls.', 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.', 'They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work.Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.']	{'n. 吐司, 烤面包, 干杯\nvt. 敬酒, 烤, 使暖和\nvi. 烤, 烘', 'toast', 'tәust', 'n. slices of bread that have been toasted\nn. a celebrity who receives much acclaim and attention\nv. propose a toast to'}
scuse	[]	{'', 'scuse', ' [人名] 斯丘斯'}
timidly	['* * *“Wouldn’t it be better just to go home, dear?” Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn’t seem to hear her.', 'And do you learn much, up at the school?”“Erm —”“A bit,” said Hermione timidly.“A bit.']	"{'r in a shy or timid or bashful manner', 'adv. 胆小地, 羞怯地', ""'tɪmɪdlɪ"", 'timidly'}"
halfway	['The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.“Daddy’s gone mad, hasn’t he?” Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon.', 'Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.', 'Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he’d forgotten all about it.“Seeker?” he said.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', 'Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he’d promised himself about not meddling.All the same, he’d have gambled twelve Sorcerer’s Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step — Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy.', 'I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered we’d done that one.”Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn’t have anything to do with work, though.', 'Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.“Who’s there?” he said suddenly as they climbed toward him.']	"{'a. 中途的, 不彻底的, 部分的\nadv. 半路地, 在中途, 在半途', 'halfway', ""'hɑ:f'wei"", 's. at a point midway between two extremes\ns. including only half or a portion\nr. at half the distance; at the middle'}"
dully	['The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage.“Daddy’s gone mad, hasn’t he?” Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon.']	"{""'dʌli"", 'adv. 钝地, 迟钝地, 不清楚地', 'r. without liveliness\nr. without luster or shine', 'dully'}"
swiveled	[]	"{""s'wɪvld"", 'v turn on a pivot', 'swiveled', 'v. （使）旋转( swivel的过去式和过去分词 ); 在枢轴上转动; （把身子或脸等）转向另一方; 转身'}"
eleventh	['If it was Monday — and you could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of television — then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry’s eleventh birthday.']	"{""i'levnθ"", 'eleventh', 'n. position 11 in a countable series of things\ns. coming next after the tenth and just before the twelfth in position', 'num. 第十一, 十一分之一'}"
hanger	['Of course, his birthdays were never exactly fun — last year, the Dursleys had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon’s old socks.']	"{'hanger', ""'hæŋә"", 'n. 挂钩, 吊架, 衣架, 挂衣钩\n[经] (挂在店内的)广告牌', 'n. a worker who hangs something\nn. anything from which something can be hung'}"
shack	['Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine.', 'Thirty seconds...twenty…ten…nine — maybe he’d wake Dudley up, just to annoy him — three…two…one…BOOM.The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.']	"{'ʃæk', 'shack', 'n. 陋屋, 棚屋\nvi. 居住, 暂住', ""n small crude shelter used as a dwelling\nv make one's home in a particular place or community\nv move, proceed, or walk draggingly or slowly""}"
gleefully	['One thing was certain, there was no television in there.“Storm forecast for tonight!” said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together.']	"{'gleefully', ""'ɡli:fəlɪ"", 'adv. 高兴地', 'r. in a joyous and gleeful manner'}"
clapping	['One thing was certain, there was no television in there.“Storm forecast for tonight!” said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.']	"{'', 'n. 掌声, 拍手声\n[医] 拍打法(按摩的一种手法)', ""n a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together\nv put quickly or forcibly\nv cause to strike the air in flight\nv clap one's hands or shout after performances to indicate approval\nv clap one's hands together\nv strike the air in flight\nv strike with the flat of the hand; usually in a friendly way, as in encouragement or greeting\nv strike together so as to produce a sharp percussive noise"", 'clapping'}"
kindly	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', '“The thing is — the thing is, I don’t know how to —”“How to get onto the platform?” she said kindly, and Harry nodded.“Not to worry,” she said.']	"{""'kaindli"", 's. pleasant and agreeable\nr. in a kind manner or out of kindness', 'a. 和蔼的, 温和的, 爽快的\nadv. 温和地, 亲切地', 'kindly'}"
lend	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.']	{'v. bestow a quality on\nv. give temporarily; let have for a limited time\nv. have certain characteristics of qualities for something; be open or vulnerable to', 'lend', 'vt. 借, 贷款给, 增添, 提供, 出租\nvi. 贷款'}
toothless	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut.']	"{'a. lacking teeth\ns. lacking necessary force for effectiveness', ""'tu:θlis"", 'a. 无齿的\n[医] 无牙的', 'toothless'}"
ambling	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', '“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', '“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?']	"{'vi. （马）缓行；从容漫步\nn. （马的）缓行步态；漫步\nn. (Amble)人名；(瑞典、挪)安布勒', ""'æmb(ə)l"", 'ambling', 'p. pr. & vb. n. of Amble'}"
rowboat	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.']	"{'n a small boat of shallow draft with cross thwarts for seats and rowlocks for oars with which it is propelled', ""'rәubәut"", 'rowboat', 'n. 划艇'}"
bobbing	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: “Firs’ years!', 'Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them,” he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” said Hagrid fiercely.', 'Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip.“Who’s there?” he said suddenly as they climbed toward him.']	"{""'bɔbiŋ"", 'v move up and down repeatedly\nv ride a bobsled\nv remove or shorten the tail of an animal\nv make a curtsy; usually done only by girls and women; as a sign of respect\nv cut hair in the style of a bob', '[电] 标记干扰性移动', 'bobbing'}"
aboard	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.']	"{'adv. 在船上, 在火车上, 在飞机上\nprep. 在...之上', ""ә'bɒ:d"", 'r. on a ship, train, plane or other vehicle\nr. on first or second or third base\nr. side by side\nr. part of a group', 'aboard'}"
freezing	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'The day before Harry’s first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.', 'They tried retracing Harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.“I’m freezing,” said Ron.']	"{""'fri:ziŋ"", 'n the withdrawal of heat to change something from a liquid to a solid\nv stop moving or become immobilized\nv change to ice\nv be cold\nv cause to freeze\nv stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it\nv be very cold, below the freezing point\nv change from a liquid to a solid when cold\nv prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)\nv anesthetize by cold\nv suddenly behave coldly and formally', 'freezing', 'a. 冰冻的, 冷冻用的, 严寒的\n[化] 冻结; 冻结作用; 凝固; 凝固作用'}"
chilly	['Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.']	"{'s. not characterized by emotion\ns. appreciably or disagreeably cold\ns. lacking warmth of feeling', 'a. 寒冷的, 冷淡的, 不友好的\n[建] 番椒, 冷', 'chilly', ""'tʃili""}"
whipped	['Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', '“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.']	{'hwipt', 'whipped', 'v beat severely with a whip or rod\nv defeat thoroughly\nv thrash about flexibly in the manner of a whiplash\nv strike as if by whipping\nv whip with or as if with a wire whisk\nv subject to harsh criticism', 'a. 受到鞭打的'}
slipping	['After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.']	"{'slipping', 's. moving as on a slippery surface', ""'slipiŋ"", '[经] 不严重的价格下跌'}"
sliding	['After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville’s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.']	"{""'slaidiŋ"", 'sliding', 's. being a smooth continuous motion', 'a. 滑行的, 变化的\n[机] 滑动'}"
seaweed	['After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.']	"{'seaweed', 'n. 海草, 海藻\n[医] 海藻', 'n. plant growing in the sea, especially marine algae', ""'si:wi:d""}"
smoked	['He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.“Could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully.He was in a very good mood.']	{'a. 熏制的', 's. (used especially of meats and fish) dried and cured by hanging in wood smoke', 'smoked', 'smәukt'}
privately	['Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn’t cheer him up at all.As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them.']	{'privately', '', 'r. kept private or confined to those intimately concerned\nr. by a private person or interest', 'adv. 秘密地；私下地'}
cheer	"['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.“Could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully.He was in a very good mood.', 'Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn’t cheer him up at all.As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them.', 'Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote.', 'This seemed to cheer Ron up.“…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —”Ron gasped.“What?” said Harry.“You said You-Know-Who’s name!” said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'He was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet.', 'Everybody clapped and cheered.', ""Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide — except perhaps Hogwarts.It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TENHALLOWEENM alfoy couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful."", 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.', 'Good luck, all of you.”Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren’t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.Madam Hooch was refereeing.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', 'It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.', 'Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of these days, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid.', 'Where?”Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd.', 'He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.Harry had reached the shed.', 'About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.Charlie’s friends were a cheery lot.', 'Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!”Only Ron stood by him.“They’ll all forget this in a few weeks.', 'When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.', '“You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.”Harry was rubbing his forehead.“I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily.', 'Ron and Hermione’s cheers echoed around the high chamber.They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand.', 'Please cheer up, Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it’s gone, he can’t use it.', 'The babble died away.“Another year gone!” Dumbledore said cheerfully.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.', 'Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.', 'Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']"	{'n. a cry or shout of approval\nv. give encouragement to\nv. show approval or good wishes by shouting\nv. cause (somebody) to feel happier or more cheerful', 'tʃiә', 'n. 愉快, 振奋, 欢呼\nvi. 欢呼, 喝彩, 快活起来\nvt. 使振奋, 欢呼', 'cheer'}
fierce	['Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them,” he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” said Hagrid fiercely.']	{'a. 凶猛的, 猛烈的, 热烈的, 暴躁的', 'fierce', 'fiәs', 's. marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid'}
filthy	['Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows.']	"{'filthy', ""'filθi"", 'a. 污秽的, 丑恶的', 's. disgustingly dirty; filled or smeared with offensive matter'}"
moldy	['Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa.', '“We’ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter’s safe.”“You have his key, sir?”“Got it here somewhere,” said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin’s book of numbers.']	"{'s. covered with or smelling of mold', ""'mәuldi"", 'a. 发霉的, 腐臭的', 'moldy'}"
lumpy	['She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.', 'Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut.', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', '“Hagrid and my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?”“I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!']	"{""'lʌmpi"", 'lumpy', 'a. 多瘤的, 波浪起伏的, 粗笨的', 's. having lumps; not smooth and even in texture'}"
curl	['She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.', 'When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.Uncle Vernon roared.', 'Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione’s hand had shot into the air.“I don’t know, sir,” said Harry.Snape’s lips curled into a sneer.“Tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything.”He ignored Hermione’s hand.“Let’s try again.', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', '“I know what this is — it’s Devil’s Snare!”“Oh, I’m so glad we know what it’s called, that’s a great help,” snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck.', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?']	{'kә:l', 'n. American chemist who with Richard Smalley and Harold Kroto discovered fullerenes and opened a new branch of chemistry (born in 1933)\nv. form a curl, curve, or kink\nv. twist or roll into coils or ringlets\nv. play the Scottish game of curling', 'curl', 'n. 拳曲, 鬈发\nvt. 弄卷\nvi. 拳曲, 弯曲'}
ragged	['She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.', '“You’d think we dragged her along, wouldn’t you.But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed.', 'It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside.', '“How about it, Hagrid?”And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him.The following week dragged by.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.“Had to let that happen,” said Ron, looking shaken.', 'She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor — Hermione screamed but stayed on her square — the white queen dragged Ron to one side.']	"{'a. 衣衫褴褛的, 参差不齐的, 不协调的, 粗糙的, 刺耳的', 's. being or dressed in clothes that are worn or torn\ns. worn out from stress or strain\ns. having an irregular outline', ""'rægid"", 'ragged'}"
ferociously	['She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.']	"{'adv. 野蛮地, 残忍地', ""fə'rəʊʃəslɪ"", 'r. in a physically fierce manner', 'ferociously'}"
tick	['All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.', 'They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren’t looking.', 'Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.“Get the mail, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.“Make Harry get it.”“Get the mail, Harry.”“Make Dudley get it.”“Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.”Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'He’d screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn’t have his room back.', 'They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall.', 'After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'He lay and watched his birthday tick nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now.Five minutes to go.', 'Inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green icing.Harry looked up at the giant.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'Hagrid, who didn’t understand “Muggle money,” as he called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.People stared more than ever on the train.', 'He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks?', 'Several boys of about Harry’s age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it.', 'It’s like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and there’s four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.”“And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?”“School houses.', 'But yeh’ll have a great time at Hogwarts — I did — still do, ’smatter of fact.”Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.“Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, “ he said.', '“First o’ September — King’s Cross — it’s all on yer ticket.', 'Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first.On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King’s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television.', 'He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.“I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o’clock,” he read.His aunt and uncle stared.“Platform what?”“Nine and three-quarters.”“Don’t talk rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon.', '“There is no platform nine and three-quarters.”“It’s on my ticket.”“Barking,” said Uncle Vernon, “howling mad, the lot of them.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', '“Oh, you wait, it’s the best game in the world —” And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he’d been to with his brothers and the broomstick he’d like to get if he had the money.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', '“A poltergeist.” He raised his voice, “Peeves — show yourself.”A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.“Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?”There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.“Oooooooh!” he said, with an evil cackle.', 'They all ducked.“Go away, Peeves, or the Baron’ll hear about this, I mean it!” barked Percy.Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville’s head.', 'Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.', 'To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.”He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.“You don’t know that you’ll make a fool of yourself,” said Ron reasonably.', 'He wasn’t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick.', 'Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean’s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one.', 'Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione’s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.Harry hadn’t had a single letter since Hagrid’s note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.', '“Everyone stand by a broomstick.', 'It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.“Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’”“UP” everyone shouted.Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?”Harry nodded silently.', 'They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or they’ll all want one.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', 'Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.', '“You’ll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren’t allowed them.”Ron couldn’t resist it.“It’s not any old broomstick,” he said, “it’s a Nimbus Two Thousand.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground.', '“So — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?”“What’s basketball?” said Wood curiously.“Never mind,” said Harry quickly.“Now, there’s another player on each side who’s called the Keeper — I’m Keeper for Gryffindor.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', 'Stick together, first years!', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'And I’d bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t, she said.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', 'Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.', 'Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.“Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’s see…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then some o’ the teachers did enchantments…Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course.', 'Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors.', 'About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.Charlie’s friends were a cheery lot.', 'The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.', 'Broomsticks!', 'We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.', 'A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn’t attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.“You must come and stay this summer,” said Ron, “both of you — I’ll send you an owl.”“Thanks,” said Harry, “I’ll need something to look forward to.” People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world.']	{'tick', 'n. a metallic tapping sound\nn. any of two families of small parasitic arachnids with barbed proboscis; feed on blood of warm-blooded animals\nn. a light mattress\nv. make a sound like a clock or a timer', 'tik', 'n. 滴答声, 一瞬间, 壁虱, 褥套, 信用, 赊欠\nvi. 滴答响, 活动\nvt. 滴答地记录, 标记号于'}
creak	['Harry heard something creak outside.', '“You can take the cloak, I won’t need it now.”“Don’t be stupid,” said Ron.“We’re coming,” said Hermione.Harry pushed the door open.As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears.']	{'kri:k', 'creak', 'n. 辗轧声, 嘎吱嘎吱声\nvi. 作辗轧声, 发出辗轧声', 'n. a squeaking sound'}
warmer	['He hoped the roof wasn’t going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.']	"{'n device that heats water or supplies warmth to a room\na having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat\na psychologically warm; friendly and responsive\na (color) inducing the impression of warmth; used especially of reds and oranges and yellows\ns having or displaying warmth or affection\ns freshly made or left\ns easily aroused or excited\ns characterized by strong enthusiasm\ns characterized by liveliness or excitement or disagreement\ns uncomfortable because of possible danger or trouble\ns of a seeker; near to the object sought', ""'wɒ:mә"", 'n. 进行加热的人, 取暖器\n[化] 热炼机', 'warmer'}"
slapping	['Was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that?']	"{""'slæpiŋ"", 'slapping', 'v hit with something flat, like a paddle or the open hand', 'a. 出奇快的, 巨大的\n[医] 掌拍法'}"
crunching	['And (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise?', 'Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.', 'Where were the others?At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid’s return.', 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.']	{'v. 嘎吱嘎吱地咬嚼( crunch的现在分词 ); 嘎吱作响; （快速大量地）处理信息; 数字捣弄', 'krʌntʃɪŋ', 'crunching', 'v make a crushing noise\nv press or grind with a crushing noise\nv chew noisily\nv reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading'}
annoy	['“It must be really annoying.”The snake nodded vigorously.“Where do you come from, anyway?” Harry asked.The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass.', 'Thirty seconds...twenty…ten…nine — maybe he’d wake Dudley up, just to annoy him — three…two…one…BOOM.The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.', 'The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldn’t even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.', '“Quick, tell me.”“Say ‘please.’”“Don’t mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?”“Shan’t say nothing if you don’t say please,” said Peeves in his annoying singsong voice.“All right — please.”“NOTHING!']	"{'vt. 使恼怒, 骚扰', ""ә'nɒi"", 'annoy', 'v. cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations'}"
upright	['Thirty seconds...twenty…ten…nine — maybe he’d wake Dudley up, just to annoy him — three…two…one…BOOM.The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door.', 'On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.“Midnight on Saturday!” he said in a hoarse voice.']	"{'n. a vertical structural member as a post or stake\nn. a piano with a vertical sounding board\ns. in a vertical position; not sloping', ""'ʌprait"", 'a. 正直的, 诚实的, 公正的, 垂直的, 竖式的\n[化] 立杆', 'upright'}"
knocking	"[""Someone was outside, knocking to come in.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FOURTHE KEEPER OF THE KEYSB OOM."", 'When I open my eyes I’ll be at home in my cupboard.”There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.And there’s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking.', 'Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.', 'The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.', ""There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER ELEVENQUIDDITCHA s they entered November, the weather turned very cold."", 'Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.It was the best evening of Harry’s life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls…he would never, ever forget tonight.Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did.']"	"{""'nɔkiŋ"", 'knocking', 'n the sound of knocking (as on a door or in an engine or bearing)\nv deliver a sharp blow or push :""He knocked the glass clear across the room""\nv rap with the knuckles\nv knock against with force or violence\nv make light, repeated taps on a surface\nv sound like a car engine that is firing too early\nv find fault with; express criticism of; point out real or perceived flaws', '[机] 爆震内燃机'}"
skidding	['Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.']	"{'v slide without control\nv elevate onto skids\nv apply a brake or skid to\nv move obliquely or sideways, usually in an uncontrolled manner', 'v. 滑移；地面上拖行；轮滑；侧滑滑行（skid的现在分词）', 'skidding', ""'skidiŋ""}"
warn	['His aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before they’d left, Uncle Vernon had taken Harry aside.“I’m warning you,” he had said, putting his large purple face right up close to Harry’s, “I’m warning you now, boy — any funny business, anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until Christmas.”“I’m not going to do anything,” said Harry, “honestly…”But Uncle Vernon didn’t believe him.', '“I warn you — I’m armed!”There was a pause.', 'Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'He finally tore his eyes away from the Druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans.“You want to be careful with those,” Ron warned Harry.', 'You have been warned.”Then she changed her desk into a pig and back again.', 'She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.“Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.”“Go away.”“All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re so —”But what they were, they didn’t find out.', 'Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.“Stand back,” Wood warned Harry.', 'Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul…”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right.', 'See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.”Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.“I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered.Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.”“Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.”Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.“I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—”“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —”“What?', '“I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—”Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen.', 'Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.“I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'There’s blood all over the place, it must’ve bin staggerin’ around since last night at least.”“I want Fang,” said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang’s long teeth.“All right, but I warn yeh, he’s a coward,” said Hagrid.', '“What was that thing you saved me from, anyway?”Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry’s question.', '“I think it’s a warning…it means danger’s coming….”Ron couldn’t get worked up, it was too hot.“Harry, relax, Hermione’s right, the Stone’s safe as long as Dumbledore’s around.', 'They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.“Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled.', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	"{'wɒ:n', 'vt. 警告, 提醒, 通知\nvi. 发出警告', 'warn', ""v. notify of danger, potential harm, or risk\nv. admonish or counsel in terms of someone's behavior\nv. ask to go away\nv. notify, usually in advance""}"
pause	['“I warn you — I’m armed!”There was a pause.', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.', 'The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', 'There was a very embarrassed pause.']	{'n. a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something\nn. temporary inactivity\nv. cease an action temporarily', 'pɒ:z', 'pause', 'n. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 间歇, 踌躇, 休止符\nvi. 暂停, 中止, 停顿, 踌躇\n[计] DOS内部命令:暂时停止批处理文件的执行'}
smash	['He was going to smash right into that barrier and then he’d be in trouble — leaning forward on his cart, he broke into a heavy run — the barrier was coming nearer and nearer — he wouldn’t be able to stop — the cart was out of control — he was a foot away — he closed his eyes ready for the crash —It didn’t come…he kept on running…he opened his eyes.', 'The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.“Had to let that happen,” said Ron, looking shaken.']	{'n. a serious collision (especially of motor vehicles)\nv. hit hard\nv. break into pieces, as by striking or knocking over\nv. hit violently', 'n. 打碎, 粉碎, 打碎时哗啦声, 猛击, 扣球, 杀球, 经营失败, 破产, 硬币, 假硬币\na. 非常轰动的, 了不起的\nvt. 打碎, 粉碎, 击溃, 使破产, 使裂变, 使用假硬币\nvi. 碎裂, 猛撞, 破产, 扣球, 杀球\nadv. 轰隆一声, 哗啦一声', 'smæʃ', 'smash'}
doorway	['Then —SMASH!The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.A giant of a man was standing in the doorway.', 'Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right — the rest of the school must already be here — but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', '“What do we have to do?”They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway.', 'At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.']	"{'n. 门口, 途径', 'doorway', ""'dɒ:wei"", 'n. the entrance (the space in a wall) through which you enter or leave a room or building; the space that a door can close'}"
mane	['His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.']	"{""n. long coarse hair growing from the crest of the animal's neck\nn. growth of hair covering the scalp of a human being"", 'mane', 'n. 鬃毛', 'mein'}"
stooping	['His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.']	{'a. （尤指肩和背部）弯曲的\nv. 弯腰( stoop的现在分词 ); 屈身; 俯首; 屈尊', 'stooping', 'p. pr. & vb. n. of Stoop\n a. & n. from Stoop.', 'ˈstu:piŋ'}
brushed	['His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.']	{'s. touched lightly in passing; grazed against\ns. (of hair or clothing) groomed with a brush\ns. (of fabrics) having soft nap produced by brushing', 'a. 拉过绒的', 'brʌʃt', 'brushed'}
strode	['It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Potter, follow me, now.”Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she strode toward the castle.', 'And then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random.', '“We’ll have another little chat soon, when you’ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.”He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing.', 'He strode out of sight; Harry didn’t think Quirrell had even noticed him.', 'Good day to you.”He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.“Right, here’s what we’ve got to do,” he whispered urgently.']	{'strәud', 'stride的过去式', 'strode', 'v walk with long steps\nv cover or traverse by taking long steps'}
lump	['She and Uncle Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket.The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, “Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.…”A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy.', 'The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair.', 'Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.', 'His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had gone — but how had he done it?Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost there — and then, quite suddenly, he wasn’t anywhere.There was nothing else for it.“Excuse me,” Harry said to the plump woman.“Hello, dear,” she said.', 'Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'I spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers away from the forest.”The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut.', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', '“Hagrid and my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?”“I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', 'Slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep.“Keep playing,” Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor.', 'Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.']	{'v. put together indiscriminately', 'lump', 'n. 块, 瘤, 很多, 肿块, 笨人\nvt. 使成块状, 混在一起\nvi. 结块', 'lʌmp'}
crouching	['It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.']	"{'', 'vi. 蹲伏, 蜷缩（crouch的现在分词）', ""v bend one's back forward from the waist on down\nv sit on one's heels"", 'crouching'}"
shadowy	['It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.']	"{'s. lacking in substance', 'shadowy', ""'ʃædәui"", 'a. 有影的, 暗黑的, 朦胧的, 虚幻的'}"
beetle	['His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair.The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the ceiling.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.']	"{'n. 甲虫, 大槌\nvi. 快速移动\nvt. 捶', 'beetle', ""'bi:tl"", 'n. insect having biting mouthparts and front wings modified to form horny covers overlying the membranous rear wings\nv. fly or go in a manner resembling a beetle\nv. beat with a beetle\ns. jutting or overhanging'}"
rasping	['“Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yeh’ve got yer mom’s eyes.”Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.“I demand that you leave at once, sir!” he said.', '“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.']	"{'a. 锉磨声的, 令人焦躁的', 'n uttering in an irritated tone\nv scrape with a rasp\nv utter in a grating voice\ns unpleasantly harsh or grating in sound', ""'ræspiŋ"", 'rasping'}"
prune	['“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.']	{'prune', 'pru:n', 'n. dried plum', 'n. 洋李, 李子干, 深紫红色, 傻瓜\nvt. 修剪, 砍掉, 删除\nvi. 删除, 删节'}
knot	['“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.']	{'n. 结, 群, 难题\nv. 打结, (使)纠缠', 'knot', 'n. a tight cluster of people or things\nn. any of various fastenings formed by looping and tying a rope (or cord) upon itself or to another rope or to another object\nn. a hard cross-grained round piece of wood in a board where a branch emerged\nn. something twisted and tight and swollen', 'nɒt'}
overcoat	['Got summat fer yeh here — I mighta sat on it at some point, but it’ll taste all right.”From an inside pocket of his black overcoat he pulled a slightly squashed box.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.“Jus’ lookin’,” he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once.']	"{'overcoat', ""'әuvәkәut"", 'n. an additional protective coating (as of paint or varnish)', 'n. 外套大衣'}"
rubbing	['Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts.”He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry’s whole arm.“What about that tea then, eh?” he said, rubbing his hands together.', 'Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.“Ron, you’ve got something on your nose.”The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.“Mom — geroff” He wriggled free.“Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?” said one of the twins.“Shut up,” said Ron.“Where’s Percy?” said their mother.“He’s coming now.”The oldest boy came striding into sight.', '“You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.”Harry was rubbing his forehead.“I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily.']	"{'rubbing', ""'rʌbiŋ"", 'n. 摩擦, 研磨, 摹拓\n[化] 打磨', 'n. representation consisting of a copy (as of an engraving) made by laying paper over something and rubbing it with charcoal'}"
grate	['“I’d not say no ter summat stronger if yeh’ve got it, mind.”His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and he snorted.', '“He’s going to Stonewall High and he’ll be grateful for it.', 'Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn’t much left ter do.”He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.“Be grateful if yeh didn’t mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts,” he said.', '“Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isn’t more.', 'Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate.']	{'grate', 'n. a frame of iron bars to hold a fire\nn. a harsh rasping sound made by scraping something\nn. a barrier that has parallel or crossed bars blocking a passage but admitting air\nv. furnish with a grate', '^reit', 'n. 炉格, 炉篦, 炉栅, 火炉, 壁炉, 格栅\nvt. 装格栅于, 磨擦, 轧碎, 磨碎, 使焦急, 触怒, 使人烦躁, 刺激, 激怒\nvt.vi. 擦响, 发出刺耳的尖厉声'}
flickering	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'All the kids want owls, they’re dead useful, carry yer mail an’ everythin’.”Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.', 'The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight.']	"{""'flikәriŋ"", 'flickering', 's. shining unsteadily', 'a. 闪烁的, 摇曳的, 微弱的\n[计] 闪烁'}"
warmth	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'There was somethin’ goin’ on that night he hadn’t counted on — I dunno what it was, no one does — but somethin’ about you stumped him, all right.”Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake.', 'He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers.', 'His eyes were black like Hagrid’s, but they had none of Hagrid’s warmth.', 'In a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth.']	{'n. 温暖, 温情, 暖和, 激动, 生气', 'wɒ:mθ', 'n. the quality of having a moderate degree of heat', 'warmth'}
sunk	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.']	"{'sunk', 'sʌŋk', 'v fall or descend to a lower place or level\nv cause to sink\nv pass into a specified state or condition\nv go under, ""The raft sank and its occupants drowned""\nv descend into or as if into some soft substance or place\nv appear to move downward\nv fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly\nv fall or sink heavily\nv embed deeply\ns doomed to extinction', 'a. 凹陷的\nsink的过去式和过去分词'}"
kettle	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.']	"{'n. 茶壶, 罐\n[化] 釜体釜; 锅', 'n. a metal pot for stewing or boiling; usually has a lid\nn. the quantity a kettle will hold\nn. a large hemispherical brass or copper percussion instrument with a drumhead that can be tuned by adjusting the tension on it', ""'ketl"", 'kettle'}"
teapot	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.']	"{'n. 茶壶', 'teapot', 'n. pot for brewing tea; usually has a spout and handle', ""'ti:pɒt""}"
chipped	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.“Unicorn hair’s nearly poking out.']	"{'v break off (a piece from a whole)\nv cut a nick into\nv play a chip shot\nv form by chipping\nv break a small piece off from', 'chipped', 'a. 有缺口的, 用碎片组成的', ""t'ʃɪpt""}"
swig	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.']	{'n. 痛饮, 牛饮, 鲸饮\nv. 满满一口喝下, 牛饮, 大喝特喝', 'n a large and hurried swallow\nv strike heavily, especially with the fist or a bat\nv to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught', 'swig'}
sizzling	['Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage.']	{'ˈsɪzlɪŋ', 's. hot enough to burn with or as if with a hissing sound', 'sizzling', 'v. 发咝咝声( sizzle的现在分词 ); 表现良好, 进行顺利; 把…烧得哧哧响, 烧焦; 恶言相骂'}
sausage	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage.', 'Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', 'Have a sausage, they’re not bad cold — an’ I wouldn’ say no teh a bit o’ yer birthday cake, neither.”“Wizards have banks?”“Just the one.', 'Run by goblins.”Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.“Goblins?”“Yeah — so yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it, I’ll tell yeh that.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.', '“Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.”“Thanks, Seamus,” said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.By eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch.']	"{'sausage', 'n. highly seasoned minced meat stuffed in casings', ""'sɒsidʒ"", 'n. 香肠, 腊肠'}"
juicy	['Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.']	"{'a. full of juice\ns. having strong sexual appeal', ""'dʒusi"", 'a. 多汁液的, 生动的, 多水分的', 'juicy'}"
burnt	['Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.']	{'burnt', 'burn的过去式和过去分词', 'bә:nt', 'v destroy by fire\nv shine intensely, as if with heat\nv undergo combustion\nv cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort\nv cause to burn or combust\nv feel strong emotion, especially anger or passion\nv cause to undergo combustion\nv burn at the stake\nv spend (significant amounts of money)\nv feel hot or painful\nv burn, sear, or freeze (tissue) using a hot iron or electric current or a caustic agent\nv get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun\nv create by duplicating data\nv use up (energy)\nv burn with heat, fire, or radiation\ns ruined by overcooking\ns treated by heating to a high temperature but below the melting or fusing point\ns destroyed or badly damaged by fire'}
darkly	['Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each other darkly.When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', 'Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o’ duffers, but —”“I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,” said Harry gloomily.“Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,” said Hagrid darkly.', '“No — I don’t believe it — he’s gone back to sleep.”And so he had.“You’ve met Malfoy before?”Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.“I’ve heard of his family,” said Ron darkly.', 'Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday — and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.“Typical,” said Harry darkly.', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.']	"{'r. without light\nr. in a dark glowering menacing manner', 'adv. 暗, 黑, 呈黑', 'darkly', ""'dɑ:kli""}"
pudding	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard’s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey.']	"{""n. any of various soft thick unsweetened baked dishes\nn. (British) the dessert course of a meal (`pud' is used informally)\nn. any of various soft sweet desserts thickened usually with flour and baked or boiled or steamed"", 'n. 布丁', 'pudding', ""'pudiŋ""}"
gulp	['Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, “I’m sorry, but I still don’t really know who you are.”The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.“Call me Hagrid,” he said, “everyone does.', 'His name was...”Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.“Could you write it down?” Harry suggested.“Nah — can’t spell it.', 'Harry gulped.“I just wondered if I could have my book back.”“GET OUT!', 'He turned to face the black flames.“Here I come,” he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body.']	{'vt. 吞, 大口大口地吸气, 吸收, 抑制\nvi. 吞咽\nn. 吞咽\n[计] 字节组', 'gulp', 'gʌlp', 'n. a large and hurried swallow\nn. a spasmodic reflex of the throat made as if in swallowing\nv. to swallow hurriedly or greedily or in one draught\nv. utter or make a noise, as when swallowing too quickly'}
shrank	['An’ like I told yeh, I’m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yeh’ll know all about Hogwarts, o’ course.“Er — no,” said Harry.Hagrid looked shocked.“Sorry,” Harry said quickly.“Sorry?” barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows.', 'They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.It was a horrible sight.', 'Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away.']	"{'shrink的过去式', 'v wither, as with a loss of moisture\nv draw back, as with fear or pain\nv reduce in size; reduce physically\nv become smaller or draw together\nv decrease in size, range, or extent', 'shrank', ""'ʃræŋk""}"
explode	['Yer parents’ world.”“What world?”Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.“DURSLEY!” he boomed.Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “Mimblewimble.” Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.“But yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” he said.', 'We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral’s hat and several live, white mice.', '“I’ll — I’ll fight you!”“Neville, “Ron exploded, “get away from that hole and don’t be an idiot —”“Don’t you call me an idiot!” said Neville.', '“Sending you your father’s cloak and everything?”“Well, ” Hermione exploded, “if he did — I mean to say that’s terrible — you could have been killed.”“No, it isn’t,” said Harry thoughtfully.']	"{""ik'splәud"", 'explode', 'v. cause to burst with a violent release of energy\nv. burst outward, usually with noise\nv. show a violent emotional reaction\nv. be unleashed; emerge with violence or noise', 'vi. 爆炸, 爆发, 激增\nvt. 使爆炸'}"
fixing	['My — my mom and dad weren’t famous, were they?”“Yeh don’ know...yeh don’ know....” Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.“Yeh don’ know what yeh are?” he said finally.Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.“Stop!” he commanded.']	"{'fixing', ""'fiksiŋ"", 'n the act of putting something in working order again\nn restraint that attaches to something or holds something in place\nn the sterilization of an animal\nn (histology) the preservation and hardening of a tissue sample to retain as nearly as possible the same relations they had in the living body\nv restore by replacing a part or putting together what is torn or broken\nv cause to be firmly attached\nv decide upon or fix definitely\nv prepare for eating by applying heat\nv take vengeance on or get even\nv set or place definitely\nv kill, preserve, and harden (tissue) in order to prepare for microscopic study\nv make fixed, stable or stationary\nv make infertile\nv influence an event or its outcome by illegal means\nv put (something somewhere) firmly\nv make ready or suitable or equip in advance for a particular purpose or for some use, event, etc', 'n. 固定, 稳固, 设备, 调料\n[医] 固定'}"
bewildered	['My — my mom and dad weren’t famous, were they?”“Yeh don’ know...yeh don’ know....” Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.“Yeh don’ know what yeh are?” he said finally.Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.“Stop!” he commanded.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{""bɪ'wɪldəd"", 'a. 困惑的; 晕眩的; 混乱的; 不知所措的\nv. 使困惑', 'v be a mystery or bewildering to\nv cause to be confused emotionally\ns perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment', 'bewildered'}"
forbid	['His aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask questions.', 'I forbid you to tell the boy anything!”A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.“You never told him?', 'He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.”“Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?”Their mother suddenly became very stern.“I forbid you to ask him, Fred.', 'I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.“First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils.', 'Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest.', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'The forbidden corridor on the third floor.', 'And now they knew why it was forbidden.They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor.', 'Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest.']	"{'vt. 禁止, 不准, 妨碍\n[法] 不许, 禁止, 阻止', ""fә'bid"", 'forbid', 'v. command against'}"
braver	"['I forbid you to tell the boy anything!”A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.“You never told him?', 'When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?”“You’re a lot braver now that you’re back on the ground and you’ve got your little friends with you,” said Harry coolly.', 'He felt braver.“Mount your brooms, please.”Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air.', ""He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about Quirrell’s ‘hocus pocus’ — I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through —”“So you mean the Stone’s only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?” said Hermione in alarm.“It’ll be gone by next Tuesday,” said Ron.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FOURTEENNORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACKQ uirrell, however, must have been braver than they’d thought."", 'There are more important things — friendship and bravery and — oh Harry — be careful!”“You drink first,” said Harry.', '“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.', '“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.']"	{'', 'a possessing or displaying courage; able to face and deal with danger or fear without flinching\ns invulnerable to fear or intimidation\ns brightly colored and showy', 'braver', 'a. 勇敢的（brave的比较级）'}
syllable	['I forbid you to tell the boy anything!”A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage.“You never told him?']	"{'n. 音节\nvt. 分成音节\n[计] 字节', 'syllable', ""'silәbl"", 'n. a unit of spoken language larger than a phoneme'}"
eagerly	['An’ you’ve kept it from him all these years?”“Kept what from me?” said Harry eagerly.“STOP!', 'He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'Ron stared.“So that’s where You-Know-Who —?”“Yes,” said Harry, “but I can’t remember it.”“Nothing?” said Ron eagerly.“Well — I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.”“Wow,” said Ron.', '“Finnigan, Seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.“Granger, Hermione!”Her mione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.']	{'', 'adv. 渴望, 热衷于, 热切', 'r. with eagerness; in an eager manner', 'eagerly'}
gasp	"['Professor McGonagall gasped.“Lily and James…I can’t believe it…I didn’t want to believe it…Oh, Albus…”Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.', 'What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror.Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished.', 'Within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge.“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped.Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it high out of his reach.', 'After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'I FORBID YOU!” yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.“Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,” said Hagrid.', 'Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry gasped.', 'This seemed to cheer Ron up.“…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —”Ron gasped.“What?” said Harry.“You said You-Know-Who’s name!” said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.', 'Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air — several people behind him screamed.“What the —?”He gasped.', 'Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.I — told — you,” Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, “I — told — you.”“We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,” said Ron, “quickly as possible.”“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Harry.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'Then the whole crowd gasped.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'Ron gasped.“I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione.', 'Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron.', 'In stinking Slytherin.”Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.“Thanks, Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?”As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.“Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —”He gasped.', 'Where?”Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and cheers from the crowd.', 'All three of you will receive detentions — yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch match.“Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.“Professor — please —”“You can’t —”“Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter.', 'He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when Dumbledore turns up.”“But what can we —”Hermione gasped.', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?', ""It wasn’t even Voldemort.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SEVENTEENTHE MAN WITH TWO FACESI t was Quirrell.“You!” gasped Harry.Quirrell smiled."", 'But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.', 'Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell’s turban, Hermione screamed out loud.“So the Stone’s gone?” said Ron finally.']"	{'gæsp', 'n. a short labored intake of breath with the mouth open', 'gasp', 'n. 喘气\nvi. 喘气, 喘息, 渴望\nvt. 气喘吁吁地说'}
boil	['I FORBID YOU!” yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.“Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,” said Hagrid.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', '“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', 'Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', 'Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.', 'I’m boiling.”“Can’t, Harry, sorry,” said Hagrid.']	{'boil', 'n. 煮沸, 沸腾, 疖\nv. 煮沸, 激动', 'bɒil', 'n. a painful sore with a hard core filled with pus\nv. come to the boiling point and change from a liquid to vapor\nv. immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes\nv. bring to, or maintain at, the boiling point'}
whistling	['Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!”Only Ron stood by him.“They’ll all forget this in a few weeks.']	"{""'hwisliŋ"", 'whistling', 'n. the act of whistling a tune', 'n. 吹哨, 吹笛；鸣汽笛'}"
sank	['Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', 'Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror.', 'I never saw his face, he kept his hood up.”Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.']	"{'sink的过去式', 'sæŋk', 'v fall or descend to a lower place or level\nv cause to sink\nv pass into a specified state or condition\nv go under, ""The raft sank and its occupants drowned""\nv descend into or as if into some soft substance or place\nv appear to move downward\nv fall heavily or suddenly; decline markedly\nv fall or sink heavily\nv embed deeply', 'sank'}"
thumping	['We won!” shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back.']	"{'a. 发出重击声的, 巨大的, 极大的', 'n a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)\nv move rhythmically\nv make a dull sound\nv hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument\ns (used informally) very large', 'thumping', ""'θʌmpiŋ""}"
reckon	"['An’ I reckon it’s abou’ time yeh read yer letter.”Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea.', 'Don’ reckon they could’ve done if he was comin’ back.“Most of us reckon he’s still out there somewhere but lost his powers.', 'George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once.”Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.“Bleaaargh — see?', 'You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.”“Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the school.”“Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week.', ""He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about Quirrell’s ‘hocus pocus’ — I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through —”“So you mean the Stone’s only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?” said Hermione in alarm.“It’ll be gone by next Tuesday,” said Ron.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FOURTEENNORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACKQ uirrell, however, must have been braver than they’d thought."", '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.', 'I reckon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help.']"	"{'reckon', 'v. take account of', 'vt. 计算, 总计, 估计, 认为, 猜想\nvi. 数, 计算, 估计, 依赖, 料想', ""'rekәn""}"
witchcraft	['He’s off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.']	"{'witchcraft', 'n. 巫术, 魔法, 魔力', ""'witʃkræft"", 'n. the art of sorcery'}"
merlin	[]	"{""n. (Arthurian legend) the magician who acted as King Arthur's advisor"", ""'m\\\\:lin"", 'Merlin', 'n. [鸟]隼, 灰背隼'}"
warlock	[]	"{'warlock', ""'wɔ:lɔk"", 'n. 术士, 魔术师', 'n. a male witch or demon'}"
mugwump	[]	"{'mugwump', ""'mʌ^wʌmp"", 'n. someone who bolted from the Republican Party during the U.S. presidential election of 1884\nn. a neutral or uncommitted person (especially in politics)', 'n. 超然派, 骑墙派, 大人物, 头子, 脱党者, 独立分子'}"
wizardry	['He’s off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.']	"{'wizardry', ""'wizәdri"", 'n exceptional creative ability', 'n. 巫术'}"
await	['We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'But I don’t understand who —”“Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?”It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry’s heart.']	"{'v look forward to the probable occurrence of', 'await', ""ә'weit"", 'vt. 等候\nvi. 等待着'}"
sincerely	['We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.']	"{'adv. 真诚地', ""sin'siәli"", 'sincerely', 'r. with sincerity; without pretense\nr. written formula for ending a letter'}"
exploded	['We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral’s hat and several live, white mice.', '“I’ll — I’ll fight you!”“Neville, “Ron exploded, “get away from that hole and don’t be an idiot —”“Don’t you call me an idiot!” said Neville.', '“Sending you your father’s cloak and everything?”“Well, ” Hermione exploded, “if he did — I mean to say that’s terrible — you could have been killed.”“No, it isn’t,” said Harry thoughtfully.']	"{'exploded', 'a. 爆炸了的, 分解的, 被破除的, 被戳穿的', ""iks'plәudid"", 's. showing the parts of something separated but in positions that show their correct relation to one another'}"
galloping	['He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over Harry, charging at the figure.The pain in Harry’s head was so bad he fell to his knees.', 'It will be quicker this way.“My name is Firenze,” he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing.']	"{'[计] 跃步地\n[化] 驰振', ""'^ælәpiŋ"", 'v ride at a galloping pace\nv go at galloping speed\nv cause to move at full gallop', 'galloping'}"
quill	['After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'They stopped to buy parchment and quills.', 'Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.', 'Why aren’t you all copying that down?”There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment.', '“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', 'Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.“You — Potter — why didn’t you tell him not to add the quills?', 'Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.“I’ll never remember this,” Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.', '“I’m not going to be able to hold a quill for a week.', 'They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anticheating spell.They had practical exams as well.', 'When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.']	"{'kwil', 'quill', ""n. pen made from a bird's feather\nn. a stiff hollow protective spine on a porcupine or hedgehog\nn. the hollow spine of a feather"", 'n. 羽根, 大翎毛, 羽毛笔\nvt. 刺穿'}"
scribbled	['With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down:Dear Professor Dumbledore,Given Harry his letter.Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.Weather’s horrible.', 'Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.', 'Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.']	{'ˈskrɪbəld', 'v. 潦草的书写( scribble的过去式和过去分词 ); 乱画; 草草地写; 匆匆记下', 'v write down quickly without much attention to detail\nv write carelessly', 'scribbled'}
upside	['With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down:Dear Professor Dumbledore,Given Harry his letter.Taking him to buy his things tomorrow.Weather’s horrible.']	"{""'ʌpsaid"", 'n the highest or uppermost side of anything', 'upside', 'n. 上侧, 上段, 上部\n[机] 上侧, 上部'}"
beak	['Hope you’re well.HagridHagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm.', 'The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened.']	{'beak', 'n. beaklike mouth of animals other than birds (e.g., turtles)\nn. horny projecting mouth of a bird\nn. a beaklike, tapering tip on certain plant structures\nn. informal terms for the nose', 'bi:k', 'n. 鸟嘴, 喙\n[医] 嘴, 喙'}
firelight	['Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.“Where was I?” said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.“He’s not going,” he said.Hagrid grunted.“I’d like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,” he said.“A what?” said Harry, interested.“A Muggle,” said Hagrid, “it’s what we call nonmagic folk like them.']	"{'n. the light of a fire (especially in a fireplace)', 'n. 火光', 'firelight', ""'faiәlait""}"
swore	['An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a family o’ the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.”“We swore when we took him in we’d put a stop to that rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon, “swore we’d stamp it out of him!', 'Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they’ve been here, and people still like them.”“They’ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?” said Harry miserably.“Well — no,” Ron admitted.It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren’t his business from now on.']	{'swɔ:, swɔә', 'v utter obscenities or profanities\nv to declare or affirm solemnly and formally as true\nv promise solemnly; take an oath\nv make a deposition; declare under oath\nv have confidence or faith in', 'swore', 'swear的过去式\n[法] 宣过誓的, 宣誓证明的, 决不改变的'}
rubbish	['An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a family o’ the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.”“We swore when we took him in we’d put a stop to that rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon, “swore we’d stamp it out of him!', 'I’ve read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish — spell books and wands and —”“If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won’t stop him,” growled Hagrid.', 'He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.“I just take the train from platform nine and three-quarters at eleven o’clock,” he read.His aunt and uncle stared.“Platform what?”“Nine and three-quarters.”“Don’t talk rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon.', 'Harry Potter’s coming — he’s got a dragon!”“What utter rubbish!']	"{'n. worthless material that is to be disposed of\nv. attack strongly', ""'rʌbiʃ"", 'rubbish', 'n. 废物, 垃圾, 胡说'}"
dratted	['How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was?']	"{'', ""'drætid"", 'dratted', 'a. <口>讨厌的, 可恶的'}"
spawn	['Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that — that school — and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats.']	{'n. (鱼)卵, 产物\nvt. 产卵, 酿成, 大量生产\nvi. 产卵, 大量生产', 'n. the mass of eggs deposited by fish or amphibians or molluscs\nv. lay spawn', 'spɒ:n', 'spawn'}
freak	['I was the only one who saw her for what she was — a freak!']	{'freak', 'fri:k', 'n. a person or animal that is markedly unusual or deformed', 'n. 畸形人, 畸形物, 不正常的事物, 反复无常\na. 奇异的, 反常的'}
ranting	['But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witch in the family!”She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on.']	{'n a loud bombastic declamation expressed with strong emotion\nv talk in a noisy, excited, or declamatory manner', 'ræntɪŋ', 'v. 夸夸其谈( rant的现在分词 ); 大叫大嚷地以…说教; 气愤地)大叫大嚷; 不停地大声抱怨', 'ranting'}
abnormal	['It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.“Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!”Harry had gone very white.']	"{'a. not normal; not typical or usual or regular or conforming to a norm\na. departing from the normal in e.g. intelligence and development\ns. much greater than the normal', ""æb'nɒ:mәl"", 'abnormal', 'a. 反常的, 不规则的, 变态的, 畸形的\nn. 畸形的人'}"
blown	['It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.“Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!”Harry had gone very white.', 'If I get one more owl telling me you’ve — you’ve blown up a toilet or —”“Blown up a toilet?', 'We’ve never blown up a toilet.”“Great idea though, thanks, Mom.”“It’s not funny.']	{'a. 吹制的, 喘气的, 开着花的\nblow的过去分词', 'blәun', 's. being moved or acted upon by moving air or vapor\ns. breathing laboriously or convulsively', 'blown'}
outrage	['It’s an outrage!']	"{'outrage', ""'autreidʒ"", 'n. a wantonly cruel act', 'n. 暴行, 侮辱, 愤怒\nvt. 凌辱, 虐待, 触犯'}"
scandal	['A scandal!']	"{""'skændәl"", 'scandal', 'n. 丑闻, 中伤, 耻辱, 反感, 流言蜚语\n[法] 丑事, 丑闻, 干丑事的人', 'n. disgraceful gossip about the private lives of other people\nn. a disgraceful event'}"
faded	['What happened?” Harry asked urgently.The anger faded from Hagrid’s face.', 'A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry’s mind.“What on earth were you thinking of?” said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice.', 'Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry couldn’t understand.', 'Harry’s victory faded from his mind as he watched.', 'Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.“I knew it,” he murmured.', 'The Slytherins’ smiles faded a little.“Ahem,” said Dumbledore.']	"{""'feidid"", 'a. 已褪色的, 已凋谢的', 'faded', 'v become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly\nv lose freshness, vigor, or vitality\nv disappear gradually\nv become feeble\ns having lost freshness or brilliance of color\ns reduced in strength'}"
gulping	[]	{'gulping', 'n. the drinking of large mouthfuls rapidly', 'ɡʌlpɪŋ', 'v. 狼吞虎咽地吃, 吞咽( gulp的现在分词 ); 大口地吸（气）; 哽住'}
foghorn	['He came ter yer house an’ — an’ —”Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn.“Sorry,” he said.']	"{'foghorn', 'n. 雾号, 响而尖的声音', ""'fɒghɒ:n"", 'n. a loud low warning signal that can be heard by fogbound ships\nn. a warning device consisting of a horn that generates a loud low tone'}"
curse	['That’s what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh — took care of yer mum an’ dad an’ yer house, even — but it didn’t work on you, an’ that’s why yer famous, Harry.', 'Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.“I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley.”“I’m not sayin’ that’s not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances,” said Hagrid.', '“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.', 'Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as “If he tries to curse you, you’d better dodge it, because I can’t remember how to block them.” There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today.', 'He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor tower.Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.', '“If you’re going to be cursed forever, death’s better, isn’t it?”“It is,” Firenze agreed, “unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else — something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean you can never die.', 'I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.”“Snape was trying to save me?”“Of course,” said Quirrell coolly.', 'He’d seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.Quirrell cursed under his breath.“I don’t understand…is the Stone inside the mirror?', '“I — I’ve won the house cup for Gryffindor.”Quirrell cursed again.“Get out of the way,” he said.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	{'kә:s', 'curse', 'n. profane or obscene expression usually of surprise or anger\nn. a severe affliction\nv. utter obscenities or profanities\nv. heap obscenities upon', 'n. 咒骂, 诅咒\nvt. 诅咒, 咒骂'}
cruel	['As Hagrid’s story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.Hagrid was watching him sadly.“Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore’s orders.']	"{'cruel', 'a. 残酷的, 令人极痛苦的\n[法] 残忍的, 残酷的', ""'kru:әl"", 's (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering'}"
sadly	['As Hagrid’s story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.Hagrid was watching him sadly.“Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore’s orders.', 'It was all delicious.“That does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak.“Can’t you —?”“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	"{'sadly', 'adv. 悲痛地, 悲惨地, 悲伤地, 说来遗憾', 'r. in an unfortunate way\nr. with sadness; in a sad manner', ""'sædli""}"
ruined	['As Hagrid’s story came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than he had ever remembered it before — and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel laugh.Hagrid was watching him sadly.“Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore’s orders.', 'As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined.', 'In one night, they’d ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house cup.']	"{'v destroy completely; damage irreparably\nv destroy or cause to fail\nv reduce to bankruptcy\nv reduce to ruins\nv deprive of virginity\nv fall into ruin\ns destroyed physically or morally\ns doomed to extinction\ns brought to ruin', ""'ruind"", 'a. 毁灭的, 没落的, 荒废的', 'ruined'}"
tosh	['Brought yeh ter this lot….”“Load of old tosh,” said Uncle Vernon.']	{'tɒʃ', 'tosh', 'n. 胡说, 梦话', 'n pretentious or silly talk or writing'}
glaring	['He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'It’s obviously guarding something.”She stood up, glaring at them.“I hope you’re pleased with yourselves.', 'It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.“Harry Potter…” it whispered.Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn’t move.“See what I have become?” the face said.']	"{'glaring', ""'glєәriŋ"", 'v look at with a fixed gaze\nv be sharply reflected\nv shine intensely\ns shining intensely\ns conspicuously and outrageously bad or reprehensible', 'a. 闪耀的, 炫目的, 瞪视的'}"
beating	['He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'There was no point beating around the bush.']	"{'n. 打, 挫败, 搏动\n[化] 打浆', 'n. the act of overcoming or outdoing\nn. the act of inflicting corporal punishment with repeated blows', 'beating', ""'bi:tiŋ""}"
battered	['He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'I’ll show you, look…”He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand.', 'Ron’s set was very old and battered.', 'The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that it had been caught twice.“Ready?” Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle.']	"{'battered', ""'bætәd"", 'a. 磨损的；弄垮的；破旧的；受到虐待的', 's. damaged by blows or hard usage\ns. damaged especially by hard usage\ns. exhibiting symptoms resulting from repeated physical and emotional injury'}"
umbrella	['He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.', 'Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land.“Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts?” Harry asked.“Spells — enchantments,” said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke.', 'Scared of the students, scared of his own subject — now, where’s me umbrella?”Vampires?', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.“Hmmm,” said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.', 'It wasn’t exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella.']	"{'n. a lightweight handheld collapsible canopy\nn. a formation of military planes maintained over ground operations or targets\nn. having the function of uniting a group of similar things\ns. covering or applying simultaneously to a number of similar items or elements or groups', 'n. 伞, 雨伞, 保护伞\na. 伞的, 包罗万象的\nvt. 用伞遮掩', 'umbrella', ""ʌm'brelә""}"
bearded	['Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.']	"{'bearded', 'a. 有须的, 有胡子的', 's. having hair on the cheeks and chin\ns. having a growth of hairlike awns', ""'biәdid""}"
seethe	[]	{'v. be in an agitated emotional state\nv. foam as if boiling\nv. boil vigorously', 'seethe', 'vi. 冒泡, 沸腾\nvt. 使煮沸, 使浸透\nn. 翻腾', 'si:ð'}
biding	[]	{'p. pr. & vb. n. of Bide\nn. Residence; habitation.', 'biding', 'v. 等待, 停留( bide的现在分词 ); 居住; （过去式用bided）等待; 面临', 'baɪdɪŋ'}
blazing	['There was somethin’ goin’ on that night he hadn’t counted on — I dunno what it was, no one does — but somethin’ about you stumped him, all right.”Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake.', 'Even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate.']	"{'a. 炽燃的, 强烈的', 'blazing', 's. shining intensely', ""'bleiziŋ""}"
clouted	['He’d spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toads every time they’d tried to lock him in his cupboard?']	"{""k'laʊtɪd"", 'a. 缀补的, 凝固的\nv. （尤指用手）猛击, 重打( clout的过去式和过去分词 )', 'clouted', 'imp. & p. p. of Clout'}"
warty	['He’d spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toads every time they’d tried to lock him in his cupboard?']	"{'warty', 's (of skin) covered with warts or projections that resemble warts', ""'wɒ:ti"", 'a. 有疣的, 多疣的, 似疣的\n[医] 有疣的, 疣状的'}"
quietly	['If he’d once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football?“Hagrid,” he said quietly, “I think you must have made a mistake.', 'Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was —“Yeah, that’s a goblin,” said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him.', '“Please wait quietly.”She left the chamber.', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', '“It’s that stupid thing Longbottom’s gran sent him.”The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.“Give that here, Malfoy,” said Harry quietly.', '“How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?”Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but —“POTTER!”Snape’s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg.', 'They couldn’t see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor and if they came much nearer they’d knock right into him — the cloak didn’t stop him from being solid.He backed away as quietly as he could.', 'Then he said slowly, “It shows us what we want…whatever we want…”“Yes and no,” said Dumbledore quietly.', 'You look terrible.”Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape’s sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.“Don’t play,” said Hermione at once.“Say you’re ill,” said Ron.“Pretend to break your leg,” Hermione suggested.“Really break your leg,” said Ron.“I can’t,” said Harry.', 'As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore’s smiling face.“Well done,” said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.', 'Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off — and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn’t even manage to bite Snape’s leg off properly.“Now, wait quietly, Potter.', 'But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.']	"{""'kwaiәtli"", 'quietly', ""r. with little or no sound\nr. with little or no activity or no agitation (`quiet' is a nonstandard variant for `quietly')"", 'adv. 安静地, 沉着地, 秘密地'}"
ridiculous	['Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry…chased by Dudley’s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach…dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?', 'A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil.']	"{'ridiculous', 'a. 荒谬的, 可笑的', ""ri'dikjulәs"", 's inspiring scornful pity\ns incongruous; inviting ridicule\ns broadly or extravagantly humorous; resembling farce'}"
realizing	['Now he came to think about it…every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry…chased by Dudley’s gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach…dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back...and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?', 'The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.', 'Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?”Harry didn’t say anything.“Where is this school, anyway?”“I don’t know,” said Harry, realizing this for the first time.', 'But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I’m up to?He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over.']	"{'v be fully aware or cognizant of\nv perceive (an idea or situation) mentally\nv make real or concrete; give reality or substance to\nv earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages\nv convert into cash; of goods and property\nv expand or complete (a part in a piece of baroque music) by supplying the harmonies indicated in the figured bass', 'realizing', 'a. 明确无误的；清晰生动地', ""'riәlaiziŋ. 'ri:-""}"
positively	['Hadn’t he set a boa constrictor on him?Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.“See?” said Hagrid.']	{'', 'positively', 'adv. 明确地, 肯定地, 无疑地, (非正式)确实地, 真正地', 'r. extremely\nr. so as to be positive; in a positive manner'}
beaming	['Hadn’t he set a boa constrictor on him?Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him.“See?” said Hagrid.', 'Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', 'He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to see them all there.“Welcome,” he said.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.“Tokens from your friends and admirers,” said Dumbledore, beaming.']	"{'a. 光亮的, 喜气洋洋的, 愉快的', 'beaming', 's. cheerful and bright\ns. pleased and proud\ns. radiating or as if radiating light', ""'bi:miŋ""}"
headmaster	['He’ll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an’ he’ll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Albus Dumbled—”“I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!” yelled Uncle Vernon.But he had finally gone too far.', 'Ear wax!”Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.“Just five minutes,” Harry pleaded.“Absolutely not.”“You let Professor Dumbledore in….”“Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different.']	"{'headmaster', ""'hed'mɑ:stә"", 'n. presiding officer of a school', 'n. (中小学)校长, 监工'}"
crackpot	[]	"{""'krækpɒt"", 'a. 想入非非的, 不切实的\nn. 疯子, 怪人, 狂想家', 'crackpot', 'n. a whimsically eccentric person'}"
whirled	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'He whirled around.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Whirl', 'hwə:ld', 'whirled', 'v. （使）飞快移动, 使旋转( whirl的过去式和过去分词 )'}
insult	['“Malfoy was insultin’ his family.”“Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,” said Snape silkily.', 'Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn’t trouble to lower their voices as they insulted him.']	"{'insult', 'n. 侮辱, 无礼, 损害\nvt. 损害, 侮辱, 攻击', ""'insʌlt"", 'n. a deliberately offensive act or something producing the effect of deliberate disrespect'}"
swishing	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.', 'It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.']	{'v. （使）发飒飒声( swish的现在分词 ); 发嗖嗖声; 噪声', 'v move with or cause to move with a whistling or hissing sound', 'swɪʃɪŋ', 'swishing'}
firecracker	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s wand to bring silence.“Prefects,” he rumbled, “lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!”Percy was in his element.“Follow me!']	"{""'faiәkrækә"", 'n. 爆竹, 鞭炮\n[化] 爆竹; 鞭炮', 'n. firework consisting of a small explosive charge and fuse in a heavy paper casing', 'firecracker'}"
squeal	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.“Shut up, Peeves — please — you’ll get us thrown out.”Peeves cackled.“Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties?', '“There he is, Mom, there he is, look!”It was Ginny Weasley, Ron’s younger sister, but she wasn’t pointing at Ron.“Harry Potter!” she squealed.']	{'n. 尖叫, 抱怨\nvi. 发出尖叫声, 高声埋怨\nvt. 用尖声说', 'squeal', 'n. a high-pitched howl\nv. utter a high-pitched cry, characteristic of pigs', 'skwi:l'}
curly	['When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.Uncle Vernon roared.']	"{'a. (of hair) having curls or waves', 'curly', 'a. 拳曲的, 卷毛的, 弯曲的', ""'kә:li""}"
poking	['When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.Uncle Vernon roared.', 'It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end.“Unicorn hair’s nearly poking out.', 'That’ll take a lot of explaining.”Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t.“If we just do a bit of poking around —”“No,” said Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.”He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table.']	{'poking', 'n a sharp hand gesture (resembling a blow)\nv poke or thrust abruptly\nv search or inquire in a meddlesome way\nv stir by poking\nv hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument\nv make a hole by poking', 'v. 伸出( poke的现在分词 ); 戳出; 拨弄; 与（某人）性交', 'pəukɪŋ'}
temper	['Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.', '“If any dog needs exercise, that one does.”Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.', 'Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe.', 'No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.“I suppose you think you’re harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!” she stormed.']	"{'temper', 'n. (钢等的)硬度, 脾气, 心情, 中和剂, 倾向, 回火\nvt. 使回火, 锻炼, 调和, 使缓和\nvi. 回火', ""'tempә"", 'n. a characteristic (habitual or relatively temporary) state of feeling\nn. a disposition to exhibit uncontrolled anger\nn. the elasticity and hardness of a metal object; its ability to absorb considerable energy before cracking\nv. harden by reheating and cooling in oil'}"
ruefully	['Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.']	{'', 'r. in a rueful manner', 'ruefully', 'adv. 可怜地；悲伤地'}
wand	['The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Dudley’s favorite sport: Harry Hunting.This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope.', 'I’ve read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish — spell books and wands and —”“If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won’t stop him,” growled Hagrid.', 'They snapped me wand in half an’ everything.', 'One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand.', 'Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.“Hello,” said the boy, “Hogwarts, too?”“Yes,” said Harry.“My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the boy.', 'While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.', 'Just Ollivanders left now — only place fer wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand.”A magic wand…this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.The last shop was narrow and shabby.', 'A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand.', 'Nice wand for charm work.”Mr.', 'Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'Well, I say your father favored it — it’s really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course.”Mr.', 'Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead with a long, white finger.“I’m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,” he said softly.', 'Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands…well, if I’d known what that wand was going out into the world to do.…”He shook his head and then, to Harry’s relief, spotted Hagrid.“Rubeus!', 'How nice to see you again.…Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn’t it?”“It was, sir, yes,” said Hagrid.“Good wand, that one.', '“Which is your wand arm?”“Er — well, I’m right-handed,” said Harry.“Hold out your arm.', 'As he measured, he said, “Every Ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, Mr. Potter.', 'No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same.', 'And of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard’s wand.”Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own.', 'just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', 'Try —”Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.“No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.', 'The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.“Tricky customer, eh?', 'Not to worry, we’ll find the perfect match here somewhere — I wonder, now — yes, why not — unusual combination — holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.”Harry took the wand.', 'He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.', 'Well, well, well…how curious…how very curious…”He put Harry’s wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, “Curious…curious…“Sorry,” said Harry, “but what’s curious?”Mr.', 'Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.“I remember every wand I’ve ever sold, Mr. Potter.', 'Every single wand.', 'It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather — just one other.', 'It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother — why, its brother gave you that scar.”Harry swallowed.“Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches.', 'The wand chooses the wizard, remember…I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Potter….After all, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things — terrible, yes, but great.”Harry shivered.', 'He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop.The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'I’ve got Bill’s old robes, Charlie’s old wand, and Percy’s old rat.”Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.“His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ever wakes up.', 'I’ll show you, look…”He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand.', 'Anyway —”He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again.', 'She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.“We’ve already told him we haven’t seen it,” said Ron, but the girl wasn’t listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.“Oh, are you doing magic?', 'Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.', 'He threw his wand back into his trunk.', 'Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.“Ah, music,” he said, wiping his eyes.', 'There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets.', '“As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', 'I bet he expected you to refuse, anyway.”“And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens?”“Throw it away and punch him on the nose,” Ron suggested.“Excuse me.”They both looked up.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.', 'Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak — and it wasn’t Malfoy.“Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner.”It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it — Harry had to put it out with his hat.Ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck.“Wingardium Leviosa!” he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.“You’re saying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione snap.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', 'It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s wand to bring silence.“Prefects,” he rumbled, “lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!”Percy was in his element.“Follow me!', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.It was Hermione who spoke first.“Is it — dead?”“I don’t think so,” said Harry, I think it’s just been knocked out.”He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll’s nose.', 'Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air.', 'He wished Ron would put his wand down.Then a small voice came out of the shadows.“Please, Professor McGonagall — they were looking for me.”“Miss Granger!”Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.“I went looking for the troll because I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, because I’ve read all about them.”Ron dropped his wand.', 'Harry stuck his wand up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club.', 'Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words.', 'Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of Snape’s robes.It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.', '“And that reminds me — Harry, Ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.”“Oh yeah, you’re right,” said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.“The library?” said Hagrid, following them out of the hall.', 'Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section.', 'There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.“You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody’s been in the library Restricted Section.”Harry felt the blood drain out of his face.', 'They tried retracing Harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.“I’m freezing,” said Ron.', 'Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around.', 'Harry hardly heard a word of Wood’s pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn’t understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match.', 'They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.“I know,” Ron snapped.', 'It was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon’s blood or practicing wand movements.', 'Get yer wands out an’ practice now — that’s it — an’ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh — so, be careful — let’s go.”The forest was black and silent.', '“I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.”Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree.', 'How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it’s against wizard law?', 'They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.“Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled.', 'He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like singing.He ran back down to the common room.“We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —”“What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room.', '“I’m ready!”Harry turned to Hermione.“Do something,” he said desperately.Hermione stepped forward.“Neville,” she said, “I’m really, really sorry about this.”She raised her wand.“Petrificus Totalus!” she cried, pointing it at Neville.Neville’s arms snapped to his sides.', '“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.']	{'wand', 'n. a rod used by a magician or water diviner\nn. a thin supple twig or rod', 'n. 棒, 棍, 杖', 'wɒnd'}
gamekeeper	['But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper.', 'He’s a sort of servant, isn’t he?”“He’s the gamekeeper,” said Harry.', 'He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.', 'Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who’ve spotted them, to make them forget.”“So what on earth’s Hagrid up to?” said Hermione.When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’s hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.', '“Yeah…he asked what I did, an’ I told him I was gamekeeper here…He asked a bit about the sorta creatures I took after…so I told him…an’ I said what I’d always really wanted was a dragon…an’ then…I can’ remember too well, ‘cause he kept buyin’ me drinks…Let’s see…yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an’ we could play cards fer it if I wanted…but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he didn’ want it ter go ter any old home….So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy.…”“And did he — did he seem interested in Fluffy?” Harry asked, trying to keep his voice calm.“Well — yeah — how many three-headed dogs d’yeh meet, even around Hogwarts?']	"{""'geimki:pә"", 'gamekeeper', 'n. 猎场看守人', 'n. a person employed to take care of game and wildlife'}"
alley	[]	"{""'æli"", 'alley', 'n. 小路, 巷', 'n. a narrow street with walls on both sides'}"
tapping	['When I open my eyes I’ll be at home in my cupboard.”There was suddenly a loud tapping noise.And there’s Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking.', 'According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'It was the Mirror of Erised.“This mirror is the key to finding the Stone,” Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame.']	"{'n. 轻敲声, 开孔, 导出液体, 放腹水, 分支, 抽头, 分流, 缠绝缘带, 出钢, 出渣\n[化] 放液; 割浆; 割胶; 采脂; 采割松脂', ""'tæpiŋ"", 'tapping', 'n. the sound of light blow or knock'}"
sunlight	['The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.', 'The sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight.', 'Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.“Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’s best if I keep me mouth shut,” said Hagrid.One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts.']	"{'n. 日光\n[医] 日光, 太阳光', ""'sʌnlait"", 'n. the rays of the sun', 'sunlight'}"
rapping	['The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.', 'Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.', 'I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!']	"{'rapping', 'v strike sharply\nv make light, repeated taps on a surface\nv perform rap music\nv talk volubly', ""'ræpiŋ"", '[机] 轻敲, 起模'}"
claw	['The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.', 'Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling.', 'I’ve been asking around, and I hope I’m in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn’t be too bad....Anyway, we’d better go and look for Neville’s toad.', 'I don’t suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin.”“That’s the house Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in?”“Yeah,” said Ron.', 'You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.“The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin.', 'A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', '“Turpin, Lisa,” became a Ravenclaw and then it was Ron’s turn.', 'The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.', 'Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup.', 'He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{""n. sharp curved horny process on the toe of a bird or some mammals or reptiles\nn. a grasping structure on the limb of a crustacean or other arthropods\nn. a bird's foot\nv. move as if by clawing, seizing, or digging"", 'n. 爪, 螯, 抓伤\nv. 用爪抓, 挖, 搜刮', 'klɒ:', 'claw'}"
swelling	['The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak.Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him.']	"{'n. 肿胀, 肿大, 隆起部, 身上的肿胀处, 膨胀, 增大\na. 肿大的, 突起的', ""'sweliŋ"", 'swelling', 'n. an abnormal protuberance or localized enlargement'}"
fiercely	['The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them,” he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” said Hagrid fiercely.']	"{""'fiәsli"", 'adv. 猛烈地, 厉害地', 'fiercely', 'r. in an emotionally fierce manner'}"
peppermint	['Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', '“When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.']	"{'n. herb with downy leaves and small purple or white flowers that yields a pungent oil used as a flavoring\nn. a candy flavored with peppermint oil', 'peppermint', ""'pepәmint"", 'n. 薄荷, 薄荷油, 胡椒薄荷, 薄荷糖\n[化] 薄荷'}"
humbug	['Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.']	"{'humbug', ""'hʌmbʌg"", 'vt. 欺骗, 哄骗\nvi. 行骗\nn. 骗子, 欺骗, 欺诈', 'n. communication (written or spoken) intended to deceive\nv. trick or deceive'}"
handful	['Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', '“We’ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter’s safe.”“You have his key, sir?”“Got it here somewhere,” said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin’s book of numbers.']	"{""'hændful"", 'handful', 'n. 少数, 一把, 棘手事', 'n. a small number or amount\nn. the quantity that can be held in the hand'}"
sleepily	['Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', 'When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry.', 'Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy…never…but….Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.“Where’re you going?” said Ron sleepily.“I’ve just thought of something,” said Harry.']	"{'adv. 想睡地, 困倦地', 'r. in a sleepy manner', 'sleepily', ""'sli:pili""}"
pouch	['Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.']	{'pautʃ', 'n. 小袋, 小包, 眼袋, 邮袋, 育儿袋\nvt. 装...入袋中, 使成袋状\nvi. 成袋状', 'n. a small or medium size container for holding or carrying things\nn. an enclosed space\nn. (anatomy) saclike structure in any of various animals (as a marsupial or gopher or pelican)\nv. put into a small bag', 'pouch'}
flew	['Then he flew off through the open window.Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.“Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an’ buy all yer stuff fer school.”Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls.', 'Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'The whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good – every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still.', 'He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices.', 'A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.“Isn’t he beautiful?” Hagrid murmured.', '“He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once.”“He’s gone?” said Harry frantically.']	{'fly的过去式', 'flew', 'v travel through the air; be airborne\nv move quickly or suddenly\nv operate an airplane\nv transport by aeroplane\nv cause to fly or float\nv be dispersed or disseminated\nv change quickly from one emotional state to another\nv pass away rapidly\nv travel in an airplane\nv display in the air or cause to float\nv run away quickly\nv travel over (an area of land or sea) in an aircraft\nv hit a fly\nv decrease rapidly and disappear', 'flu:'}
puncture	['He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puncture.“Um — Hagrid?”“Mm?” said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.“I haven’t got any money — and you heard Uncle Vernon last night…he won’t pay for me to go and learn magic.”“Don’t worry about that,” said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his head.', 'Magic carpets all got punctures, have they?”Harry didn’t say anything.“Where is this school, anyway?”“I don’t know,” said Harry, realizing this for the first time.']	"{'n. loss of air pressure in a tire when a hole is made by some sharp object\nn. a small hole made by a sharp object\nn. the act of puncturing or perforating\nv. pierce with a pointed object; make a hole into', 'puncture', ""'pʌŋktʃә"", 'n. 刺痕, 穿刺\nvt. 刺穿, 刺, 揭穿\nvi. 被刺穿'}"
nightie	[]	"{'n lingerie consisting of a loose dress designed to be worn in bed by women', 'nightie', 'n. 女式睡衣, 孩子穿的睡衣, 妇女穿的睡衣', ""'naiti:""}"
fetching	[]	"{'a. 动人的, 引人的, 迷人的', 'fetching', 's. very attractive; capturing interest', ""'fetʃiŋ""}"
eager	['An’ you’ve kept it from him all these years?”“Kept what from me?” said Harry eagerly.“STOP!', '“If I was ter — er — speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin’ it at Hogwarts?”“Of course not,” said Harry, eager to see more magic.', 'He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'Ron stared.“So that’s where You-Know-Who —?”“Yes,” said Harry, “but I can’t remember it.”“Nothing?” said Ron eagerly.“Well — I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.”“Wow,” said Ron.', '“Finnigan, Seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.“Granger, Hermione!”Her mione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.']	"{'a. having or showing keen interest or intense desire or impatient expectancy', 'a. 热心的, 渴望的, 热望的', ""'i:gә"", 'eager'}"
messin	['Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he’d never had so many questions in his life.“Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page.“There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Harry asked, before he could stop himself.“’Course,” said Hagrid.', '“Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back.', 'He’d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.“Will you stop messing around!” he yelled.']	{'', 'messin', 'n. (Messin)人名；(法)梅桑'}
fudge	['I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']	{'fʌdʒ', 'n. soft creamy candy\nv. tamper, with the purpose of deception', 'fudge', 'n. 虚构的故事, 谎言, 胡说\ninterj. 胡说八道\nvi. 蒙混, 做傻事\nvt. 粗制滥造, 捏造, 逃避职责'}
bungler	[]	{'', 'n. someone who makes mistakes because of incompetence', 'n. 工作笨拙的人', 'bungler'}
folded	"['Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station.', '“There’s a list there of everything yeh need.”Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn’t noticed the night before, and read:HOGWARTS SCHOOL o f WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1.', ""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk."", 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.']"	{'', 'v. 折叠；交叉合拢；失败垮台；把牲畜关在栏中（fold的过去分词）', 'folded', 'v bend or lay so that one part covers the other\nv incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating\nv cease to operate or cause to cease operating\nv confine in a fold, like sheep\nv become folded or folded up'}
panting	['Things these Muggles dream up, eh?”“Hagrid,” said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, “did you say there are dragons at Gringotts?”“Well, so they say,” said Hagrid.']	"{'[医] 气促, 呼吸困难', 'n. breathing heavily (as after exertion)\nn. any fabric used to make trousers', ""'pæntiŋ"", 'panting'}"
unfolded	['“There’s a list there of everything yeh need.”Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn’t noticed the night before, and read:HOGWARTS SCHOOL o f WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRYUNIFORMFirst-year students will require:1.']	{'', 'a. 展开的；未折叠的；[石油]未褶皱的', 'unfolded', 'v develop or come to a promising stage\nv open to the view\nv extend or stretch out to a greater or the full length\nv spread out or open from a closed or folded state'}
fastening	['One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.']	"{'n. the act of fastening things together', 'n. 紧固件, 系结物', ""'fɑ:sәniŋ"", 'fastening'}"
bookstall	[]	"{'n a shop where books are sold', 'n. 书报摊', ""'bukstɒ:l"", 'bookstall'}"
goshawk	[]	"{'n. large hawk of Eurasia and North America used in falconry', 'n. 苍鹰', 'goshawk', ""'gɒshɒ:k""}"
transfiguration	['A little more power and excellent for transfiguration.']	"{"",trænsfi^ju'reiʃәn"", 'n. (Christianity) a church festival held in commemoration of the Transfiguration of Jesus\nn. (New Testament) the sudden emanation of radiance from the person of Jesus\nn. a striking change in appearance or character or circumstances', 'transfiguration', 'n. 变形, 变貌, 变容'}"
fungi	['Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.']	"{""'fʌndʒai, 'fʌŋ^ai"", 'pl. 真菌, 突然发生而迅速生长的东西\n[医] 真菌, 霉菌, 蕈, 海绵肿', 'fungi', 'n. the taxonomic kingdom including yeast, molds, smuts, mushrooms, and toadstools; distinct from the green plants'}"
newt	[]	{'n. small usually bright-colored semiaquatic salamanders of North America and Europe and northern Asia', 'newt', 'n. 水螈', 'nju:t'}
pewter	['One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', '“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.']	"{'n. 白蜡；青灰色', 'n. any of various alloys of tin with small amounts of other metals (especially lead)', ""'pju:tә"", 'pewter'}"
aloud	['One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.']	"{'r. using the voice; not silently', 'aloud', 'adv. 出声地, 大声地', ""ә'laud""}"
escalator	['He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.“Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves,” he said.He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them.']	"{""'eskәleitә"", 'escalator', 'n. a stairway whose steps move continuously on a circulating belt', 'n. 电动扶梯, 自动扶梯\n[机] 升降阶梯'}"
bustling	['He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.']	"{'s. full of energetic and noisy activity', 'bustling', 'a. 熙熙攘攘的, 忙乱的', ""'bʌsliŋ""}"
parted	['He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear.']	"{""'pɑ:tid"", 's. having a margin incised almost to the base so as to create distinct divisions or lobes', 'parted', 'a. 分开的'}"
pile	['Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them?', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.']	{'pile', 'pail', 'n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮\nvi. 堆起, 堆积, 积累, 挤, 猛烈攻击\nvt. 堆于, 累积, 堆叠, 打桩于, 用桩支撑', 'n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other\nn. a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)\nn. a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure\nn. the yarn (as in a rug or velvet or corduroy) that stands up from the weave'}
unbelievable	['If Harry hadn’t known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn’t help trusting him.“This is it,” said Hagrid, coming to a halt, “the Leaky Cauldron.']	"{'unbelievable', "".ʌnbi'li:vәbl"", 'a. 难以置信的', 'a beyond belief or understanding\ns having a probability too low to inspire belief'}"
trusting	['If Harry hadn’t known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn’t help trusting him.“This is it,” said Hagrid, coming to a halt, “the Leaky Cauldron.']	"{'trusting', 'a. 轻信的, 信任他人的, 深信不疑的', ""'trʌstiŋ"", 'v have confidence or faith in\nv allow without fear\nv be confident about something\nv expect and wish\nv confer a trust upon\nv extend credit to; I won\'t pay her debts anymore""\na inclined to believe or confide readily; full of trust'}"
halt	['If Harry hadn’t known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn’t help trusting him.“This is it,” said Hagrid, coming to a halt, “the Leaky Cauldron.', 'Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'Hey — where’re yeh goin’?”Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn’t speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.“We’ve got to go to Dumbledore,” said Harry.']	{'halt', 'n. 停止, 立定, 休息\nvt. 使停止, 使立定\nvi. 立定, 停止, 蹒跚, 踌躇, 有缺点\n[计] 停止', 'v. cause to stop', 'hɒ:lt'}
leaky	[]	"{""'li:ki"", 'a. permitting the unwanted passage of fluids or gases\ns. used informally; unable to retain urine', 'leaky', 'a. 有漏洞的, 易泄漏秘密的, 爱哭的\n[电] 漏的'}"
shabby	['Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside.For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby.', 'Just Ollivanders left now — only place fer wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand.”A magic wand…this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.The last shop was narrow and shabby.']	"{'s. mean and unworthy and despicable', ""'ʃæbi"", 'a. 衣衫褴褛的, 低劣的, 破旧的, 吝啬的, 卑鄙的', 'shabby'}"
sherry	['A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry.']	"{'n. dry to sweet amber wine from the Jerez region of southern Spain or similar wines produced elsewhere; usually drunk as an aperitif', 'n. 雪利酒, 葡萄酒', 'sherry', ""'ʃeri""}"
bartender	['A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.']	"{'bartender', ""'bɑ:.tendә"", 'n. 酒保, 酒吧侍者', 'n. an employee who mixes and serves alcoholic drinks at a bar'}"
chatter	['The low buzz of chatter stopped when they walked in.', 'Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.', 'Off you trot!”The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase.', 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.']	"{'n. the rapid series of noises made by the parts of a machine\nn. the high-pitched continuing noise made by animals (birds or monkeys)\nv. click repeatedly or uncontrollably\nv. cut unevenly with a chattering tool', 'n. 饶舌, 啁啾, 喋喋不休\nvi. 喋喋不休地谈, (鸟)啭鸣', ""'tʃætә"", 'chatter'}"
buckle	['He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.']	"{'n. 皮带扣, 扣子\nvt. 扣住, 使弯曲\nvi. 扣住, 变弯曲, 屈服', 'buckle', 'n. fastener that fastens together two ends of a belt or strap; often has loose prong\nv. fasten with a buckle or buckles\nv. fold or collapse', ""'bʌkl""}"
puffing	['The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'Harry, are you all right?”Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.“I’m fine,” said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.']	{'', '[法] 言过其实的吹嘘', 'n. blowing tobacco smoke out into the air\nn. an act of forcible exhalation', 'puffing'}
scraping	['Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', 'Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.', 'Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open.']	"{'n. 擦去, 抹去, 削去, 刮擦声, 碎屑\na. 刮擦的, 吝啬的', 'n. (usually plural) a fragment scraped off of something and collected', ""'skreipiŋ"", 'scraping'}"
delighted	['Fang rested his head on Harry’s knee and drooled all over his robes.Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch “that old git.”“An’ as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I’d like ter introduce her to Fang sometime.', 'Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he’d been doing it wrong for years.“Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard,” said Madam Hooch.', 'Let’s try you out with a few of these.”He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.Harry didn’t miss a single one, and Wood was delighted.', 'It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldn’t be sounding so delighted.The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness.', '“But your friend — Nicolas Flamel —”“Oh, you know about Nicolas?” said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.']	"{""di'laitid"", 'a. 高兴的, 快乐的', 's. greatly pleased', 'delighted'}"
grasping	['“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.']	"{'a. 抓的, 握的, 贪婪的', ""'græspiŋ"", 'n. understanding with difficulty\nn. the act of gripping something firmly with the hands (or the tentacles)', 'grasping'}"
babble	['At last, Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble.“Must get on — lots ter buy.', 'Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.', 'The babble died away.“Another year gone!” Dumbledore said cheerfully.']	"{""'bæbl"", 'babble', 'vi. 牙牙学语, 喋喋不休\nvt. 唠叨, 吐露\nn. 儿语, 胡言乱语, 嘈杂声\n[计] 串音', 'n. gibberish resembling the sounds of a baby\nv. utter meaningless sounds, like a baby, or utter in an incoherent way\nv. to talk foolishly'}"
walled	['Come on, Harry.”Doris Crockford shook Harry’s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.Hagrid grinned at Harry.“Told yeh, didn’t I?']	{'walled', 'a. 有城墙的', 'wɔ:ld', 'v surround with a wall in order to fortify'}
courtyard	['Come on, Harry.”Doris Crockford shook Harry’s hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.Hagrid grinned at Harry.“Told yeh, didn’t I?', 'The day before Harry’s first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.']	"{'courtyard', 'n. 庭院, 天井', ""'kɒ:tjɑ:d"", 'n an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings'}"
bloke	['Poor bloke.']	{'n. 小子, 家伙', 'bloke', 'n a boy or man', 'blәuk'}
firsthand	['He was fine while he was studyin’ outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand experience....They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there was a nasty bit o’ trouble with a hag — never been the same since.']	"{""'fә:st'hænd"", 'firsthand', 's. received directly from a source\nr. from the original source; directly', 'a. 直接的, 直接得来的, 直接采购的\nadv. 直接地'}"
quivered	['“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast.']	{'ˈkwivəd', 'imp. & p. p. of Quiver\na. Furnished with, or carrying, a quiver.\na. Sheathed, as in a quiver.', 'v. 微颤, 抖动( quiver的过去式和过去分词 ); 使震动', 'quivered'}
archway	['“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'They stepped through the archway.', 'Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.', 'Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.']	"{'n. 拱门, 拱道', ""'ɑ:tʃwei"", 'archway', 'n a passageway under a curved masonry construction'}"
shrink	['Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.', 'Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint.']	{'shrink', 'n. 收缩, 萎缩, 回避\nvi. 收缩, 退缩, 萎缩, 缩小, 回避\nvt. 使收缩, 使缩小', 'ʃriŋk', 'v. reduce in size; reduce physically\nv. become smaller or draw together\nv. decrease in size, range, or extent'}
brightly	['Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall.The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop.', '“I’ve still got the pieces, though,” he added brightly.“But you don’t use them?” said Mr. Ollivander sharply.“Oh, no, sir,” said Hagrid quickly.', 'Dumbledore’s silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts.', 'Bit keen, aren’t yeh?”“Oh, we’re not working,” Harry told him brightly.']	"{'brightly', ""'braitli"", 'adv. 生辉地, 明亮地, 鲜明地', 'r with brightness'}"
collapsible	['“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.']	"{'collapsible', 'a. capable of collapsing or being collapsed', ""kә'læpsibl"", 'a. 可折叠的\n[建] 可收缩的, 可折叠的'}"
needing	[]	{'ni:dɪŋ', 'needing', 'p. pr. & vb. n. of Need', 'v. 需要, 必须( need的现在分词 ); （表示应该或不得不做）有必要'}
plump	['A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, “Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.…”A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy.', 'The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair.', 'Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.', 'His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had gone — but how had he done it?Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost there — and then, quite suddenly, he wasn’t anywhere.There was nothing else for it.“Excuse me,” Harry said to the plump woman.“Hello, dear,” she said.']	{'plump', 'a. 圆胖的, 丰满的, 直接下落的, 直率的\nvt. 突然放下, 支持, 使丰满, 使鼓起\nvi. 扑通落下, 投票赞成, 变丰满, 鼓起\nadv. 沉重地, 突然地, 直截了当地', 'n. the sound of a sudden heavy fall\nv. give support (to) or make a choice (of) one out of a group or number\nr. straight down especially heavily or abruptly', 'plʌmp'}
apothecary	[]	"{""ә'pɒθәkәri"", 'n a health professional trained in the art of preparing and dispensing drugs', 'n. 药剂师, 药房\n[医] 药剂员; 药店', 'apothecary'}"
seventeen	['A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, “Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.…”A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy.']	"{""sevn'ti:n"", 'n. the cardinal number that is the sum of sixteen and one\ns. being one more than sixteen', 'num. 十七, 十七个', 'seventeen'}"
ounce	['A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, “Dragon liver, seventeen Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.…”A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium — Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy.', 'But I bounced — all the way down the garden and into the road.', 'Even better, Professor Flitwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they’d seen him make Neville’s toad zoom around the classroom.', 'Where were the others?At last, a great crunching noise announced Hagrid’s return.', '“Here I go — now, don’t hang around once you’ve won.”He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced.', 'A lot of the greatest wizards haven’t got an ounce of logic, they’d be stuck in here forever.”“But so will we, won’t we?”“Of course not,” said Hermione.']	{'auns', 'n. 盎司, 少量, 雪豹\n[医] 英两, Г', 'ounce', 'n. a unit of apothecary weight equal to 480 grains or one twelfth of a pound\nn. a unit of weight equal to one sixteenth of a pound or 16 drams or 28.349 grams'}
emporium	[]	"{'n. 商场, 大百货商店', ""em'pɒ:riәm"", 'emporium', 'n a large retail store organized into departments offering a variety of merchandise; commonly part of a retail chain'}"
screech	['His aunt rapped on the door again.“Up!” she screeched.', 'He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'All they really wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyone’s attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	{'screech', 'n. 尖声喊叫, 尖叫声, 煞车声\nvt. 尖声讲\nvi. 发出尖声', 'skri:tʃ', 'n. a high-pitched noise resembling a human cry'}
nimbus	[]	"{""'nimbәs"", 'nimbus', 'n. 幻云, 雨云, 光轮', 'n. a dark grey cloud bearing rain'}"
tottering	['“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.']	"{'a. 蹒跚的, 动摇的', 'tottering', ""'tɒtәriŋ"", 's. unsteady in gait as from infirmity or old age\ns. (of structures or institutions) having lost stability; failing or on the point of collapse'}"
potion	['“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', '“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.', 'While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.', 'They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.“You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potionmaking,” he began.', '“For your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death.', 'Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils.', 'Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus’s cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in people’s shoes.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', 'He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test.', 'Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest.']	"{'n. a medicinal or magical or poisonous beverage', ""'pәuʃәn"", 'n. 饮剂, 饮料, 一次饮用量, 一服, 一剂\n[医] 饮剂', 'potion'}"
towered	['“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.“Heads down!” yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.', 'She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.“I would never have believed it of any of you.']	{'', 'a. 有塔的, 高耸云霄的', 'towered', 'v appear very large or occupy a commanding position'}
scarlet	['Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was —“Yeah, that’s a goblin,” said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him.', 'A scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people.', 'Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red — oh…” His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “…you’ve forgotten something….”Neville was trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place.']	"{'n. 猩红色, 绯红色, 红衣\na. 绯红色的, 鲜红色的', ""'skɑ:lit"", 'n. a variable color that is vivid red but sometimes with an orange tinge', 'scarlet'}"
goblin	['Run by goblins.”Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.“Goblins?”“Yeah — so yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it, I’ll tell yeh that.', 'Never mess with goblins, Harry.', 'Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was —“Yeah, that’s a goblin,” said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him.', 'The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.', 'There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these.', 'Hagrid and Harry made for the counter.“Morning,” said Hagrid to a free goblin.', '“We’ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter’s safe.”“You have his key, sir?”“Got it here somewhere,” said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin’s book of numbers.', 'The goblin wrinkled his nose.', 'Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.“Got it,” said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.The goblin looked at it closely.“That seems to be in order.”“An’ I’ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.', '“It’s about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen.”The goblin read the letter carefully.“Very well,” he said, handing it back to Hagrid, “I will have someone take you down to both vaults.', 'Griphook!”Griphook was yet another goblin.', 'He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'It was a cutting from the Daily Prophet:GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATESTInvestigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken.', 'The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.“But we’re not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know what’s good for you,” said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon.Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn’t mentioned the date.“Hagrid!” said Harry, “that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!', 'He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test.']	"{'goblin', 'n. (folklore) a small grotesque supernatural creature that makes trouble for human beings', 'n. 小妖精', ""'gɒblin""}"
swarthy	['He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet.']	"{""'swɒ:ði"", 'swarthy', 'a. 黑黝黝的', 's naturally having skin of a dark color'}"
clever	['He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet.', 'Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.“Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts,” she said.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', 'And cleverness!']	"{""'klevә"", 'clever', 's. showing inventiveness and skill', 'a. 聪明的, 精明的'}"
engraved	['Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.']	{'v. 在（硬物）上雕刻（字, 画等）( engrave的过去式和过去分词 ); 将某事物深深印在（记忆或头脑中）', 'engraved', 'inˈɡreivd', 's. cut or impressed into a surface'}
greed	['“And this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us his boat!”A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them.“I’ve already got us some rations,” said Uncle Vernon, “so all aboard!”It was freezing in the boat.', 'Harry privately agreed, though the thought didn’t cheer him up at all.As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they’d better not ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel.', 'Harry didn’t like the look on Malfoy’s face at all.Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid’s with the other two during morning break.', '“How about it, Hagrid?”And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him.The following week dragged by.', '“It shouldn’t be too difficult – I think the cloaks big enough to cover two of us and Norbert.”It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him.', '“If you’re going to be cursed forever, death’s better, isn’t it?”“It is,” Firenze agreed, “unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else — something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean you can never die.', '“You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.” He put on a high voice, “‘Oh Professor Flitwick, I’m so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong….’”“Oh, shut up,” said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.“And we’d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,” Harry told Ron.', 'Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it’s all for the best.”“But that means he and his wife will die, won’t they?”“They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.”Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry’s face.“To one as young as you, I’m sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day.', 'Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason.']	{'n. 贪欲, 贪婪', 'n. excessive desire to acquire or possess more (especially more material wealth) than one needs or deserves', 'gri:d', 'greed'}
dearly	['Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.']	"{'r. in a sincere and heartfelt manner\nr. at a great cost\nr. with affection', ""'diәli"", 'adv. 深深地, 昂贵地', 'dearly'}"
thief	[]	{'n. 小偷, 贼\n[化] 取样', 'θi:f', 'thief', 'n. a criminal who takes property belonging to someone else with the intention of keeping it or selling it'}
scribbling	['About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.']	"{'乱涂[写], [pl.]胡[乱]写的文章[作品]', 'v write down quickly without much attention to detail\nv write carelessly', 'scribbling', ""'skribliŋ""}"
weighing	['About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.', 'Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.“Got it,” said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.The goblin looked at it closely.“That seems to be in order.”“An’ I’ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.', '“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.']	"{'weighing', '[化] 称量', ""'weiiŋ"", 'n careful consideration\nv have a certain weight\nv show consideration for; take into account\nv determine the weight of\nv have weight; have import, carry weight\nv to be oppressive or burdensome'}"
scattering	['“We’ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter’s safe.”“You have his key, sir?”“Got it here somewhere,” said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin’s book of numbers.', 'Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of these days, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid.']	"{'n. a small number (of something) dispersed haphazardly\nn. the physical process in which particles are deflected haphazardly as a result of collisions\nn. a light shower that falls in some locations and not others nearby', 'n. 分散, 散射, 稀疏的少量\na. 四散开的, 分散的\n[计] 散射, 扩散, 杂散', 'scattering', ""'skætәriŋ""}"
pile	['Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them?', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.“Got it,” said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.The goblin looked at it closely.“That seems to be in order.”“An’ I’ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.', 'And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.“The gold ones are Galleons,” he explained.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.“Tricky customer, eh?', 'You can start collecting.”Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.“Help yourself,” said Harry.', 'The dishes in front of him were now piled with food.', 'Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.', 'Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.', 'Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadn’t stopped her from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before.Just then, the mail arrived.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', '“Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.”“Thanks, Seamus,” said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.By eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch.', 'When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry.', 'I’ve got some presents!”“What did you expect, turnips?” said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry’s.Harry picked up the top parcel.', 'The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.', 'They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren’t nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones.', 'He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.“Dragons!” he whispered.', 'They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.“We’ll just have to —” Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.“What are you three doing inside?”It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.“We want to see Professor Dumbledore,” said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.“See Professor Dumbledore?” Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do.', 'He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.“Tokens from your friends and admirers,” said Dumbledore, beaming.', 'Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him.']	{'pile', 'pail', 'n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮\nvi. 堆起, 堆积, 积累, 挤, 猛烈攻击\nvt. 堆于, 累积, 堆叠, 打桩于, 用桩支撑', 'n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other\nn. a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)\nn. a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure\nn. the yarn (as in a rug or velvet or corduroy) that stands up from the weave'}
glowing	['Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.“Got it,” said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.The goblin looked at it closely.“That seems to be in order.”“An’ I’ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.', 'A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows.', 'He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.']	"{'a. 白热的, 灼热的, 通红的, 鲜艳的\n[化] 辉光', 's. highly enthusiastic', ""'glәuiŋ"", 'glowing'}"
thirteen	"['“It’s about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen.”The goblin read the letter carefully.“Very well,” he said, handing it back to Hagrid, “I will have someone take you down to both vaults.', 'Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.“What’s the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?” Harry asked.“Can’t tell yeh that,” said Hagrid mysteriously.', '“Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?”“One speed only,” said Griphook.They were going even deeper now and gathering speed.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother — why, its brother gave you that scar.”Harry swallowed.“Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches.', 'Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package.', ""Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide — except perhaps Hogwarts.It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TENHALLOWEENM alfoy couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.""]"	"{'num. 十三, 十三个', 'n. the cardinal number that is the sum of twelve and one\ns. being one more than twelve', ""'θә:'ti:n"", 'thirteen'}"
mysteriously	['Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall.“What’s the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen?” Harry asked.“Can’t tell yeh that,” said Hagrid mysteriously.']	"{""mɪ'stɪərɪəslɪ"", 'mysteriously', 'r in a cryptic manner', 'adv. 神秘地; 不可思议地; 诡秘地; 故弄玄虚地'}"
passageway	['They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches.', 'Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.“Everyone here?', 'Filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than anyone (except perhaps the Weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts.', 'You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.”“Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the school.”“Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'They tried retracing Harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.“I’m freezing,” said Ron.', 'Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.', 'The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts.', 'A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.', 'With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.“What if he’s —?”“He’ll be all right,” said Harry, trying to convince himself.']	"{'passageway', 'n. 通道, 走廊', ""'pæsidʒwei"", 'n. a passage between rooms or between buildings'}"
flaming	['They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches.', 'The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair.', 'The stone walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors.They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor.']	"{'a. 燃烧的, 热烈的, 色彩鲜明的', ""'fleimiŋ"", 'flaming', 'n the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke\nv shine with a sudden light\nv be in flames or aflame\nv criticize harshly, usually via an electronic medium\ns informal intensifiers\ns very intense'}"
sloped	['It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor.', 'They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.“What’s going on?”“Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.”Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.“Just looking,” he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson.', 'The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts.']	{'', 'sloped', 'a. 倾斜的', 'v be at an angle\nv cause or allow (a liquid substance) to run or flow from a container\nv walk through mud or mire\nv ladle clumsily\nv feed pigs\ns having an oblique or slanted direction'}
steeply	['It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor.']	"{'r. in a steep manner', 'adv. 险峻地', 'steeply', ""'sti:pli""}"
downward	['It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor.', 'In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold.', 'The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts.']	"{'s. on or toward a surface regarded as a base', ""'daunwәd"", 'a. 向下的', 'downward'}"
maze	['While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.“Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?” Dudley asked Harry in amazement.', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'They climbed in — Hagrid with some difficulty — and were off.At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages.', 'What, they don’t move at all?” Ron sounded amazed.', '“Wood told me.”Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.“I start training next week,” said Harry.', 'Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.', 'Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.', 'Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it’s all for the best.”“But that means he and his wife will die, won’t they?”“They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.”Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry’s face.“To one as young as you, I’m sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day.']	{'n. complex system of paths or tunnels in which it is easy to get lost', 'meiz', 'maze', 'n. 迷宫, 迷惘\nvt. 使迷惘, 使混乱, 迷失'}
twisting	['They climbed in — Hagrid with some difficulty — and were off.At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages.', 'Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills.There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and three-quarters came in.']	"{'n the act of distorting something so it seems to mean something it was not intended to mean\nn the act of rotating rapidly\nv to move in a twisting or contorted motion, (especially when struggling)\nv cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form\nv turn in the opposite direction\nv form into a spiral shape\nv form into twists\nv extend in curves and turns\nv do the twist\nv twist or pull violently or suddenly, especially so as to remove (something) from that to which it is attached or from where it originates\nv practice sophistry; change the meaning of or be vague about in order to mislead or deceive\nv twist suddenly so as to sprain\ns marked by repeated turns and bends', '[医] 扭转, 捩转', ""'twistiŋ"", 'twisting'}"
rattling	['The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasn’t steering.Harry’s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'Harry went out into the corridor.He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry — but the woman didn’t have Mars Bars.', 'They heard him zooming away, rattling coats of armor as he passed.“You want to watch out for Peeves,” said Percy, as they set off again.']	"{""n a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in some types of respiratory disorders)\nv make short successive sounds\nv shake and cause to make a rattling noise\ns extraordinarily good or great; used especially as intensifiers\ns quick and energetic\nr used as intensifiers; `real' is sometimes used informally for `really'; `rattling' is informal"", ""'rætliŋ"", 'rattling', 'a. 格格作响的, 轻快的, 很好的\nadv. 很, 非常'}"
stung	['The rattling cart seemed to know its own way, because Griphook wasn’t steering.Harry’s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open.']	{'stung', 'stʌŋ', 'sting的过去式和过去分词', 'v cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort\nv deliver a sting to\nv saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous\nv cause a stinging pain\nv cause an emotional pain, as if by stinging\ns aroused to impatience or anger'}
stalagmite	['Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late — they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.“I never know,” Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, “what’s the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?”“Stalagmite’s got an ‘m’ in it,” said Hagrid.']	"{'stalagmite', 'n. 石笋', 'n. a cylinder of calcium carbonate projecting upward from the floor of a limestone cave', ""'stælәgmait""}"
stalactite	['Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late — they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.“I never know,” Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, “what’s the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?”“Stalagmite’s got an ‘m’ in it,” said Hagrid.']	"{'n. 钟乳石\n[医] 钟乳石', 'stalactite', ""'stælәktait"", 'n. a cylinder of calcium carbonate hanging from the roof of a limestone cave'}"
unlocked	['“An’ don’ ask me questions just now, I think I’m gonna be sick.”He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling.Griphook unlocked the door.', 'We’ll meet you in the trophy room; that’s always unlocked.”When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.“What is a wizard’s duel?” said Harry.']	{'v. 开锁( unlock的过去式和过去分词 ); 开启; 揭开; 开着, 解开', 'v open the lock of\nv set free or release\nv become unlocked\ns not firmly fastened or secured', 'ˌʌnˈlɒkt', 'unlocked'}
heap	[]	{'v. bestow in large quantities\nv. fill to overflow', 'hi:p', 'n. 堆, 许多, 累积\nvt. 堆积, 装满\n[计] 堆', 'heap'}
blinking	['It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive.', 'The Dursleys couldn’t have known about this or they’d have had it from him faster than blinking.', 'Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.“Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’s best if I keep me mouth shut,” said Hagrid.One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts.', 'It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise.', 'You’ve got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn’t blinking at all, I saw him!”“I’m tellin’ yeh, yer wrong!” said Hagrid hotly.', 'He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.']	"{'blinking', ""'bliŋkiŋ"", 'a. 可恶的, 该死的\n[计] 闪烁', 's. closing the eyes intermittently and rapidly'}"
belonging	['And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.“The gold ones are Galleons,” he explained.']	"{'[法] 附属物', ""bi'lɔŋiŋ"", 'belonging', 'n. happiness felt in a secure relationship'}"
galleon	[]	"{'n. a large square-rigged sailing ship with three or more masts; used by the Spanish for commerce and war from the 15th to 18th centuries', ""'^æliәn"", 'n. 大帆船', 'galleon'}"
sickle	['Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice.']	{'sikl', 'sickle', 'n. 镰刀', 'n. an edge tool for cutting grass or crops; has a curved blade and a short handle'}
colder	['The air became colder and colder as they hurtled round tight corners.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.']	{'colder', '', 'a having a low or inadequate temperature or feeling a sensation of coldness or having been made cold by e.g. ice or refrigeration\na extended meanings; especially of psychological coldness; without human warmth or emotion\ns having lost freshness through passage of time\ns (color) giving no sensation of warmth\ns marked by errorless familiarity\ns lacking originality or spontaneity; no longer new\ns so intense as to be almost uncontrollable\ns sexually unresponsive\ns without compunction or human feeling\ns feeling or showing no enthusiasm\ns unconscious from a blow or shock or intoxication\ns of a seeker; far from the object sought\ns lacking the warmth of life', 'a. 更冷的, 越来越冷的（cold的比较级）'}
ravine	['They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.']	"{'n. 峡谷, 冲沟, 溪谷', ""rә'vi:n"", 'ravine', 'n. a deep narrow steep-sided valley (especially one formed by running water)'}"
scruff	['He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.']	{'n the back side of the neck', 'scruff', 'n. 颈背, 后颈', 'skrʌf'}
melted	['He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'Come on.”And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.The snow still hadn’t melted the next morning.“Want to play chess, Harry?” said Ron.“No.”“Why don’t we go down and visit Hagrid?”“No…you go…”“I know what you’re thinking about, Harry, that mirror.']	{'', 'melt的过去式和过去分词', 'melted', 'a. changed from a solid to a liquid state'}
trapped	['He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', 'They were trapped.“Look!” Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles.']	"{""'træpid"", 'a. 陷入困境的；受到限制的；捕获的；收集的', 'v place in a confining or embarrassing position\nv catch in or as if in a trap\nv hold or catch as if in a trap\nv to hold fast or prevent from moving\ns forced to turn and face attackers', 'trapped'}"
grubby	"['It’s a famous place.”It was a tiny, grubby-looking pub.', 'Then he noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor.', 'Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package.', ""Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide — except perhaps Hogwarts.It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TENHALLOWEENM alfoy couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.""]"	"{'n. small sculpin of the coast of New England\na. infested with grubs', ""'grʌbi"", 'grubby', 'a. 污秽的, 肮脏的, 生蛆的'}"
infernal	['Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.“Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’s best if I keep me mouth shut,” said Hagrid.One wild cart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts.']	"{'infernal', 'a. 阴间的, 恶魔的', 'n. an inhabitant of Hell\na. characteristic of or resembling Hell\na. of or pertaining to or characteristic of a very uncontrolled and intense fire', ""in'fә:nl""}"
squat	['I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak.']	"{""n. the act of assuming or maintaining a crouching position with the knees bent and the buttocks near the heels\nv. sit on one's heels\nv. be close to the earth, or be disproportionately wide\nv. occupy (a dwelling) illegally"", 'n. 蹲, 窝\na. 蹲着的, 矮胖的\nvi. 蹲下, 蹲坐, 蹲伏\nvt. 使蹲下, 擅自占有', 'skwɒt', 'squat'}"
mauve	['I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak.']	{'mәuv', 'n. 苯胺紫, 淡紫色\na. 淡紫色的', 'mauve', 'n. a moderate purple\ns. of a pale to moderate greyish violet color'}
footstool	['“Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.”In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes.', 'What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.']	"{'n. a low seat or a stool to rest the feet of a seated person', ""'futstu:l"", 'footstool', 'n. 脚凳'}"
pinned	"['“Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.”In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes.', 'Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first.On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King’s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television.', 'Or at least, they didn’t until they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.', '“Christmas is a time for family.”They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.', ""There was a note pinned to it:Just in case.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SIXTEENTHROUGH THE TRAPDOORI n years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment."", 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.']"	"{'v. 用针别住(pin的过去分词); 刺穿; 牵制\na. 用针别住的; 被压制的', 'v to hold fast or prevent from moving\nv attach or fasten with pins or as if with pins\nv pierce with a pin\nv immobilize a piece', ""['pind]"", 'pinned'}"
stool	['About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.', '“Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.”In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes.', 'Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.“Hello,” said the boy, “Hogwarts, too?”“Yes,” said Harry.“My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the boy.', 'What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.', 'I read about it in Hogwarts, A History.”It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn’t simply open on to the heavens.Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years.', 'On top of the stool she put a pointed wizard’s hat.', 'If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.“When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,” she said.', '“Finnigan, Seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.“Granger, Hermione!”Her mione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.', 'What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better get back on the train?When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.', 'There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that’s interesting….So where shall I put you?”Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.']	{'n. 凳子, 大便, 粪便, 厕所\nvi. 长新枝\nvt. 引诱, 诱捕', 'stu:l', 'n. a simple seat without a back or arms\nn. (forestry) the stump of a tree that has been felled or headed for the production of saplings\nv. lure with a stool, as of wild fowl\nv. react to a decoy, of wildfowl', 'stool'}
robe	['He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots.', 'Three sets of plain work robes (black)2.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', '“Got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.”In the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up his long black robes.', 'Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length.“Hello,” said the boy, “Hogwarts, too?”“Yes,” said Harry.“My father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the boy.', 'He got up and pulled on his jeans because he didn’t want to walk into the station in his wizard’s robes — he’d change on the train.', 'He had already changed into his billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny silver badge on his chest with the letter P on it.“Can’t stay long, Mother,” he said.', '“Once —”“Or twice —”“A minute —”“All summer —”“Oh, shut up,” said Percy the Prefect.“How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?” said one of the twins.“Because he’s a prefect,” said their mother fondly.', 'I’ve got Bill’s old robes, Charlie’s old wand, and Percy’s old rat.”Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.“His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ever wakes up.', 'She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.“Has anyone seen a toad?', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', '“Can we help you with something?”“You’d better hurry up and put your robes on, I’ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we’re nearly there.', 'The train did seem to be slowing down.He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.', 'A tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there.', 'The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.', 'Fang rested his head on Harry’s knee and drooled all over his robes.Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch “that old git.”“An’ as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I’d like ter introduce her to Fang sometime.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', '“I think we’ll be okay — get off, Neville!” For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry’s bathrobe for the last minute.', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'Snape was holding his robes above his knees.', '“How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?”Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but —“POTTER!”Snape’s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of Snape’s robes.It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.', 'When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry.', '“He’s used to walking all over people, but that’s no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.”“There’s no need to tell me I’m not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoy’s already done that,” Neville choked out.Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas.', 'Harry hardly heard a word of Wood’s pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn’t understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match.', 'A lamp flared.Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.“Detention!” she shouted.', '“We can’t go in there at night — there’s all sorts of things in there — werewolves, I heard.”Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry’s robe and made a choking noise.“That’s your problem, isn’t it?” said Filch, his voice cracking with glee.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	{'n. any loose flowing garment', 'rәub', 'n. 宽松长袍, 礼服, 披肩, 覆盖物\nv. (给)穿长袍', 'robe'}
drawling	['He had a bored, drawling voice.', 'What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.']	"{'a. 有气无力的；慢吞吞的', 'drawling', ""'drɔ:liŋ"", 'v lengthen and slow down or draw out'}"
bully	['I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll smuggle it in somehow.”Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.“Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on.“No,” said Harry.“Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.“I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree.']	"{'n. a cruel and brutal fellow\nn. a hired thug', 'n. 欺凌弱小者, 土霸\nvt. 威胁, 恐吓, 欺负\nvi. 欺负\na. 特好的, 第一流的\nadv. 十分', ""'buli"", 'bully'}"
smuggle	['I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll smuggle it in somehow.”Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.“Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on.“No,” said Harry.“Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.“I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree.']	"{'vt. 偷运, 走私, 私运\nvi. 走私', 'v. import or export without paying customs duties', ""'smʌgl"", 'smuggle'}"
broom	['Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks?', 'Several boys of about Harry’s age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it.', '“Then I’m going to drag them off to took at racing brooms.', 'I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll smuggle it in somehow.”Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.“Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on.“No,” said Harry.“Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.“I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree.', 'It’s like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and there’s four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.”“And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?”“School houses.', '“Oh, you wait, it’s the best game in the world —” And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he’d been to with his brothers and the broomstick he’d like to get if he had the money.', 'To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.”He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.“You don’t know that you’ll make a fool of yourself,” said Ron reasonably.', 'He wasn’t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick.', 'Even Ron would tell anyone who’d listen about the time he’d almost hit a hang glider on Charlie’s old broom.', 'Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean’s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one.', 'Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione’s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.Harry hadn’t had a single letter since Hagrid’s note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.', 'Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.', '“Everyone stand by a broomstick.', 'Come on, hurry up.”Harry glanced down at his broom.', 'It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.“Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’”“UP” everyone shouted.Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did.', 'Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville’s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.', '“Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly.', 'Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, “Come and get it, Potter!”Harry grabbed his broom.“No!” shouted Hermione Granger.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Malfoy looked stunned.“Give it here,” Harry called, “or I’ll knock you off that broom!”“Oh, yeah?” said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.Harry knew, somehow, what to do.', 'He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin.', 'Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and held the broom steady.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?”Harry nodded silently.', '“Light —speedy — we’ll have to get him a decent broom, Professor — a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I’d say.”“I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can’t bend the first-year rule.', 'They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or they’ll all want one.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', 'Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.', '“You’ll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren’t allowed them.”Ron couldn’t resist it.“It’s not any old broomstick,” he said, “it’s a Nimbus Two Thousand.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground.', '“So — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?”“What’s basketball?” said Wood curiously.“Never mind,” said Harry quickly.“Now, there’s another player on each side who’s called the Keeper — I’m Keeper for Gryffindor.', '“The Bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off their brooms.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'And I’d bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t, she said.', 'She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand.“Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you,” she said, once they were all gathered around her.', 'He felt braver.“Mount your brooms, please.”Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air.', 'A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.', 'His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.', 'He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees.', 'It was as though the broom was trying to buck him off.', 'Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal-posts — he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out — and then he realized that his broom was completely out of his control.', 'No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s broom was behaving strangely.', '“If I didn’ know better, I’d say he’d lost control of his broom…but he can’t have.…”Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands.', 'His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on.', 'Harry’s broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', 'His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer.', 'The whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good – every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still.', 'Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.“Neville, you can look!” Ron said.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', '“I don’ know why Harry’s broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn’ try an’ kill a student!', 'Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.', 'He’d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.“Will you stop messing around!” he yelled.', 'Snape’s refereeing this time, and he’ll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!”George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.“Snape’s refereeing?” he spluttered through a mouthful of mud.', 'It was Malfoy.“Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn’t see you there.”Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.“Wonder how long Potter’s going to stay on his broom this time?', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'Gryffindor is in the lead!” shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.', 'About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.Charlie’s friends were a cheery lot.', 'We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.', '“That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.”Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.“We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing.', 'Grab brooms from the flying-key room, they’ll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy — go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him.', 'Another few seconds and I’d have got you off that broom.']	{'bru:m', 'n. 扫帚, 金雀花\nvt. 扫除', 'broom', 'n. a cleaning implement for sweeping; bundle of straws or twigs attached to a long handle\nn. any of various shrubs of the genera Cytisus or Genista or Spartium having long slender branches and racemes of yellow flowers\nv. finish with a broom'}
grinning	['Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show he couldn’t come in.“That’s Hagrid,” said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn’t.', 'Some of them called:“Bye, Harry!”“See you, Potter!”“Still famous,” said Ron, grinning at him.“Not where I’m going, I promise you,” said Harry.He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.']	{'', 'n a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement\nv to draw back the lips and reveal the teeth, in a smile, grimace, or snarl', ' 笑嘻嘻', 'grinning'}
servant	['He’s a sort of servant, isn’t he?”“He’s the gamekeeper,” said Harry.', '“Yeh’ve done wrong an’ now yeh’ve got ter pay fer it.”“But this is servant stuff, it’s not for students to do.']	"{'n. 仆人, 有用物, 公务员, 雇员\n[法] 受雇人, 服务者, 公务员', ""'sә:vәnt"", 'n. a person working in the service of another (especially in the household)', 'servant'}"
liking	"['He was liking the boy less and less every second.“Yes, exactly.', ""There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER ELEVENQUIDDITCHA s they entered November, the weather turned very cold."", 'I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.']"	"{'n. a feeling of pleasure and enjoyment', 'n. 爱好, 嗜好', ""'laikiŋ"", 'liking'}"
sneer	['“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'I heard he’s a sort of savage — lives in a hut on the school grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magic, and ends up setting fire to his bed.”“I think he’s brilliant,” said Harry coldly.“Do you?” said the boy, with a slight sneer.', 'You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it’ll rub off on you.”Both Harry and Ron stood up.“Say that again,” Ron said, his face as red as his hair.“Oh, you’re going to fight us, are you?” Malfoy sneered.“Unless you get out now,” said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.“But we don’t feet like leaving, do we, boys?', 'Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione’s hand had shot into the air.“I don’t know, sir,” said Harry.Snape’s lips curled into a sneer.“Tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything.”He ignored Hermione’s hand.“Let’s try again.', 'Malfoy looked stunned.“Give it here,” Harry called, “or I’ll knock you off that broom!”“Oh, yeah?” said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.Harry knew, somehow, what to do.', 'On the other hand, Malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness — this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face.']	{'sniә', 'n. a facial expression of contempt or scorn; the upper lip curls\nn. a contemptuous or scornful remark\nv. express through a scornful smile\nv. smile contemptuously', 'sneer', 'n. 冷笑, 嘲笑\nvi. 嘲笑, 冷笑\nvt. 嘲笑着说, 嘲笑得使'}
hopped	['What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.', 'Are you there?”“Coming, Mom.”With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying.']	{'hopped', 'v. 跳上[下]( hop的过去式和过去分词 ); 单足蹦跳; 齐足（或双足）跳行; 摘葎草花', 'imp. & p. p. of Hop\np. a. Impregnated with hops.', 'hɔpt'}
raspberry	['What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.']	"{'n. woody brambles bearing usually red but sometimes black or yellow fruits that separate from the receptacle when ripe and are rounder and smaller than blackberries\nn. red or black edible aggregate berries usually smaller than the related blackberries', ""'ræzbәri"", 'n. 悬钩子, 呸声\n[化] 覆盆子; 悬钩子', 'raspberry'}"
chopped	['What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.']	{'tʃɔpt', 'v. 砍；斩碎；大量削减（chop的过去分词）', 'chopped', 's. prepared by cutting'}
lied	['He’d spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toads every time they’d tried to lock him in his cupboard?', 'What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.', 'Wherever he was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied, “The Restricted Section?']	{'lied', 'n. a German art song of the 19th century for voice and piano', 'n. (德国)歌曲', 'li:t'}
cheered	['Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote.', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'Everybody clapped and cheered.']	{'', 'cheered', 'v. 欢呼（cheer的过去分词）', 'v give encouragement to\nv show approval or good wishes by shouting\nv cause (somebody) to feel happier or more cheerful\nv become cheerful\nv spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts'}
forgetting	[]	"{'forgetting', 'v. 遗忘；忘记（forget的ing形式）', ""fә'^etiŋ"", 'v dismiss from the mind; stop remembering\nv be unable to remember\nv forget to do something\nv leave behind unintentionally'}"
gloomily	['Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o’ duffers, but —”“I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,” said Harry gloomily.“Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,” said Hagrid darkly.']	"{""'ɡlu:mɪlɪ"", 'r. with gloom', 'adv. 阴暗地; 阴沉地; 阴郁地; 忧郁地', 'gloomily'}"
flourish	[]	"{""'flʌriʃ"", 'flourish', 'vi. 繁荣, 茂盛, 活跃, 手舞足蹈\nvt. 挥舞, 夸耀\nn. 挥舞, 炫耀, 茂盛, 兴旺, 华丽词藻', 'n. a showy gesture\nn. an ornamental embellishment in writing\nn. a display of ornamental speech or language\nn. the act of waving'}"
paving	['You-Know-Who was one.”“Vol-, sorry —You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?”“Years an’ years ago,” said Hagrid.They bought Harry’s school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all.']	"{'n. 铺筑过的地面, 铺过的道路, 铺筑过的路, 修筑路面/地面的材料', 'paving', 'n. material used to pave an area\nn. the act of applying paving materials to an area', ""'peiviŋ""}"
bewitch	['Said they’d been bewitched.', 'He heard Hermione whisper, “Its bewitched to look like the sky outside.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.', 'They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anticheating spell.They had practical exams as well.', 'They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.', 'Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.']	"{'v attract; cause to be enamored\nv attract strongly, as if with a magnet\nv cast a spell over someone or something; put a hex on someone or something', 'bewitch', 'vt. 施魔法于, 蛊惑, 使着迷', ""bi'witʃ""}"
befuddle	[]	"{""bi'fʌdl"", 'befuddle', 'v. make stupid with alcohol', 'vt. 使昏沉, 使迷惑, 使糊涂'}"
viridian	[]	"{'', ""vi'ridiәn"", 'viridian', 'n. 铬绿\na. 绿色的'}"
slimy	['Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling.']	"{'slimy', 'a. 泥的, 泥泞的, 粘糊糊的, 讨厌的', ""'slaimi"", 's covered with or resembling slime\ns morally reprehensible'}"
unicorn	['While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.', 'We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons.', 'No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same.', 'Try —”Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.“No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.', 'That’s unicorn blood.', 'There’s a unicorn in there bin hurt badly by summat.', 'We might have ter put it out of its misery.”“And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?” said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.“There’s nothin’ that lives in the forest that’ll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,” said Hagrid.', 'Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we’ll send up green sparks, right?', 'Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.“Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?” Harry asked.“Not fast enough,” said Hagrid.', '“It’s not easy ter catch a unicorn, they’re powerful magic creatures.', 'There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.“You all right, Hermione?” Hagrid whispered.', '“There’s summat in here that shouldn’ be.”“A werewolf?” Harry suggested.“That wasn’ no werewolf an’ it wasn’ no unicorn, neither,” said Hagrid grimly.', '“Listen, I’m glad we’ve run inter yeh, Ronan, ‘cause there’s a unicorn bin hurt — you seen anythin’?”Ronan didn’t answer immediately.', 'There’s a unicorn bin injured — would yeh know anythin’ about it?”Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan.', 'Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what’s bin killin’ the unicorns – never heard anythin’ like it before.”They walked on through the dense, dark trees.', 'They inched closer.It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead.', 'The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal’s side, and began to drink its blood.“AAAAAAAAAARGH!”Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang.', 'The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry — unicorn blood was dribbling down its front.', 'It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!”Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.“Do you not see that unicorn?” Firenze bellowed at Bane.', 'They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped.“Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used for?”“No,” said Harry, startled by the odd question.', '“We’ve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.”“That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,” said Firenze.', 'The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price.', '“The unicorn’s dead, Hagrid, it’s in that clearing back there.”“This is where I leave you,” Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn.']	"{'n. an imaginary creature represented as a white horse with a long horn growing from its forehead', ""'ju:nikɔ:n"", 'n. 似马的独角兽\n[医] 单角的', 'unicorn'}"
minuscule	['While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.']	"{'n. a small cursive script developed from uncial between the 7th and 9th centuries and used in medieval manuscripts\na. of or relating to a small cursive script developed from uncial; 7th to 9th centuries\ns. very small', 'minuscule', 'n. 小书写体, 小写字\na. 用小书写体的, 小写字的', ""'minәskju:l""}"
toad	"['He’d spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn’t they been turned into warty toads every time they’d tried to lock him in his cupboard?', 'One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh’d be laughed at — an’ I don’ like cats, they make me sneeze.', 'He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'He looked tearful.“Sorry,” he said, “but have you seen a toad at all?”When they shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve lost him!', '“If I’d brought a toad I’d lose it as quick as I could.', 'The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him.', 'She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes.“Has anyone seen a toad?', 'I’ve been asking around, and I hope I’m in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn’t be too bad....Anyway, we’d better go and look for Neville’s toad.', 'You two had better change, you know, I expect we’ll be there soon.”And she left, taking the toadless boy with her.“Whatever house I’m in, I hope she’s not in it,” said Ron.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', 'Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.“Yeh’ll get yer firs’ sight o’ Hogwarts in a sec,” Hagrid called over his shoulder, “jus’ round this bend here.”There was a loud “Oooooh!”The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake.', 'Is this your toad?” said Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.“Trevor!” cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands.', ""You there, still got yer toad?”Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SEVENTHE SORTING HATT he door swung open at once."", 'What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better get back on the train?When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.', 'Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.”On Harry’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons (“I do hope they start right away, there’s so much to learn, I’m particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it’s supposed to be very difficult —”; “You’ll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing — ”).Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again.', 'Even better, Professor Flitwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they’d seen him make Neville’s toad zoom around the classroom.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.', '“Neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.”He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.“Go on then, try and hit me!” said Neville, raising his fists.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']"	{'tәud', 'toad', 'n. 蟾蜍, 癞蛤蟆, 讨厌的家伙', 'n any of various tailless stout-bodied amphibians with long hind limbs for leaping; semiaquatic and terrestrial species'}
sneeze	['Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yeh’d be laughed at — an’ I don’ like cats, they make me sneeze.', 'Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.It sneezed.']	"{'sni:z', 'n. 喷嚏\nvi. 打喷嚏', ""n. a symptom consisting of the involuntary expulsion of air from the nose\nv. exhale spasmodically, as when an irritant entered one's nose"", 'sneeze'}"
rustling	['All the kids want owls, they’re dead useful, carry yer mail an’ everythin’.”Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: “Some say he died.', 'A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.']	"{""'rʌsliθ"", 'n. the stealing of cattle', 'rustling', 'n. 沙沙声, 瑟瑟声'}"
stammering	['He couldn’t stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.“Don’ mention it,” said Hagrid gruffly.']	{'stammering', '', 'a. 口吃的, 患口吃的\nn. 口吃', 'v speak haltingly'}
peeling	['Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry couldn’t understand.']	"{'n. 剥皮, 剥下的皮\n[医] 去皮, 脱屑', ""'pi:liŋ"", 'peeling', 'n loss of bits of outer skin by peeling or shedding or coming off in scales\nv strip the skin off\nv come off in flakes or thin small pieces\nv get undressed'}"
cushion	['A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.']	"{'cushion', 'n. 垫子, 橡皮软垫\nvt. 加垫褥, 缓冲, 掩盖', ""'kuʃәn"", 'n. the layer of air that supports a hovercraft or similar vehicle\nn. a soft bag filled with air or a mass of padding such as feathers or foam rubber etc.\nv. protect from impact'}"
dusty	['A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.']	"{""'dʌsti"", 's. covered with a layer of dust', 'dusty', 'a. 灰尘多的, 无聊的, 含糊的, 粉末状的'}"
tinkling	['A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.']	"{'s. like the short high ringing sound of a small bell', ""'tiŋkliŋ"", 'tinkling', 'n. 叮叮声'}"
spindly	['It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that Hagrid sat on to wait.', 'Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.', 'The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.“Tricky customer, eh?']	"{'s long and lean', 'a. 纺锤形的, 细长的', 'spindly', ""'spindli""}"
piled	['Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'The dishes in front of him were now piled with food.', 'Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.', 'She grabbed Harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “Alohomora!”The lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through it, shut it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.“Which way did they go, Peeves?” Filch was saying.', 'The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.', 'They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays weren’t nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones.', 'He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.“Tokens from your friends and admirers,” said Dumbledore, beaming.']	{'', 'piled', 'v arrange in stacks\nv press tightly together or cram\nv place or lay as if in a pile', 'a. 有细毛的'}
neatly	['Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.']	"{""'ni:tli"", 'neatly', 'r. with neatness', 'adv. 整洁地, 干净地, 匀称地'}"
tingle	['The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic.“Good afternoon,” said a soft voice.']	"{'tingle', 'vi. 激动, 感到刺痛, 抖动\nvt. 使感刺痛\nn. 刺痛, 震颤, 耳鸣', ""'tiŋgl"", 'v. cause a stinging or tingling sensation'}"
shining	['Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.', '“If that’s what I think it is — they’re really rare, and really valuable.”“What is it?”Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor.']	"{'a. 光亮的, 华丽的', ""'ʃainiŋ"", 'n. the work of making something smooth and shiny by rubbing or waxing it\ns. marked by exceptional merit', 'shining'}"
gloom	['He was hungry, he’d missed five television programs he’d wanted to see, and he’d never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city.', 'Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o’ duffers, but —”“I bet I’m in Hufflepuff,” said Harry gloomily.“Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin,” said Hagrid darkly.', 'Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.', 'For some reason, he was looking gloomy.', '“I’m sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best, “ he said in his gloomy voice.Bane kicked his back legs in anger.“For the best!', 'Hey — where’re yeh goin’?”Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn’t speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.“We’ve got to go to Dumbledore,” said Harry.', 'He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom.']	{'glu:m', 'gloom', 'n. a state of partial or total darkness\nn. a feeling of melancholy apprehension\nn. an atmosphere of depression and melancholy', 'n. 忧郁, 暗处, 幽暗\nvi. 变忧沉, 变黑暗\nvt. 使忧郁, 使黑暗'}
awkwardly	['Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.']	{'', 'adv. 笨拙地；无技巧地', 'awkwardly', 'r. in an awkward manner'}
swishy	['Ten and a quarter inches long, swishy, made of willow.']	"{'', 'a. 发嗖嗖声的, 作沙沙声的, 发声的, (美)(非正式)搞同性关系的', ""s. resembling a sustained `sh' or soft whistle"", 'swishy'}"
silvery	['Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'He unwrapped it.Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds.', '“If that’s what I think it is — they’re really rare, and really valuable.”“What is it?”Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor.']	"{'a. 像银的, 银色的, 银铃一般的', 's resembling or reminiscent of silver\ns having the white lustrous sheen of silver\ns of lustrous grey; covered with or tinged with the color of silver', ""'silvәri"", 'silvery'}"
creepy	['Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.']	"{'a. 爬行的, 令人毛骨悚然的', 'creepy', ""'kri:pi"", 's. annoying and unpleasant\ns. causing a sensation as of things crawling on your skin'}"
favored	['Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'Well, I say your father favored it — it’s really the wand that chooses the wizard, of course.”Mr.', 'They say he always favors them — we’ll be able to see if it’s true.”“Wish McGonagall favored us,” said Harry.']	"{""'feivәd"", 'favored', 'a. 有利的, 受惠的, 幸运的', 's. preferred above all others and treated with partiality'}"
mahogany	['Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.']	"{""mә'hɑ:gәni"", 'n. wood of any of various mahogany trees; much used for cabinetwork and furniture\nn. any of various tropical timber trees of the family Meliaceae especially the genus Swietinia valued for their hard yellowish- to reddish-brown wood that is readily worked and takes a high polish', 'n. 桃花心木, 红褐色\n[机] 桃花心木', 'mahogany'}"
pliable	[]	"{""'plaiәbl"", 'pliable', 'a. 易弯的, 柔顺的, 圆通的', 's susceptible to being led or directed\ns capable of being shaped or bent or drawn out\ns able to adjust readily to different conditions\ns capable of being bent or flexed or twisted without breaking'}"
misty	['Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.“And that’s where…”Mr.', 'Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver.', 'There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.“I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes.']	"{""'misti"", 'a. 有雾的, 模糊的, 笼罩着雾的', 'misty', 's. wet with mist'}"
softly	['Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead with a long, white finger.“I’m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,” he said softly.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', '“Let me think — let me think…”The white queen turned her blank face toward him.“Yes…” said Ron softly, “It’s the only way…I’ve got to be taken.”“NO!” Harry and Hermione shouted.“That’s chess!” snapped Ron.']	"{'r. with low volume\nr. in a manner that is pleasing to the senses', 'adv. 柔和地, 静静地, 温柔地', ""'sɒftli"", 'softly'}"
bendy	['How nice to see you again.…Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasn’t it?”“It was, sir, yes,” said Hagrid.“Good wand, that one.']	"{'a. Divided into an even number of bends; -- said of a shield or\n   its charge.', 'a. 易弯曲的,柔韧的', ""'bendi"", 'bendy'}"
shuffling	['But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?” said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.“Er — yes, they did, yes,” said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.']	"{'', '[法] 支唔的, 含混的, 可疑的:躲躲闪闪的', 'shuffling', ""n walking with a slow dragging motion without lifting your feet\nn the act of mixing cards haphazardly\nv walk by dragging one's feet\nv move about, move back and forth\nv mix so as to make a random order or arrangement""}"
tightly	['Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.“Hmmm,” said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.', 'He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin.', 'He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees.', 'As for Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her.', 'Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.“You’re too nosy to live, Potter.']	"{'r. in a tight or constricted manner\nr. securely fixed or fastened', 'tightly', ""'taitli"", 'adv. 紧紧地, 坚固地'}"
elbow	['That’s it.” He measured Harry from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.']	"{'n. hinge joint between the forearm and upper arm and the corresponding joint in the forelimb of a quadruped\nn. a sharp bend in a road or river\nn. a length of pipe with a sharp bend in it\nn. the part of a sleeve that covers the elbow joint', ""'elbәu"", 'elbow', 'n. 手肘, 弯头, 扶手\nv. 用手肘推开, 推挤'}"
armpit	['That’s it.” He measured Harry from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head.']	"{'armpit', 'n. 腋窝\n[医] 腋, 腋窝', ""'ɑ:mpit"", 'n. the hollow under the arm where it is joined to the shoulder'}"
flitting	['Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.“That will do,” he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor.']	{'', 'v move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart', 'flitting', 'v. 翩翩飞起；高速移动（flit的现在分词）；调拨, 搬运, 搬移'}
crumpled	['Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.“That will do,” he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor.', 'It wasn’t exactly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella.', '“That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.”Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.“We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing.']	{'', 'crumpled', 'v fall apart\nv fold or collapse\nv to gather something into small wrinkles or folds\nv become wrinkled or crumpled or creased\ns of metal e.g.', 'a. 弄皱了的, 被扭弯的, 弯曲的\n[建] 皱的, 起皱纹的, 盘曲的'}
heap	['The Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap lemon ice pop.', 'Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.“That will do,” he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor.', 'Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.']	{'v. bestow in large quantities\nv. fill to overflow', 'hi:p', 'n. 堆, 许多, 累积\nvt. 堆积, 装满\n[计] 堆', 'heap'}
beechwood	[]	"{'beechwood', ""'bi:tʃwud"", 'n. 山毛榉木材', 'n wood of any of various beech trees; used for flooring and containers and plywood and tool handles'}"
heartstring	['We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons.', 'Beechwood and dragon heartstring.']	"{'heartstring', ""'hɑ:tstriŋ"", 'n. 心弦, 内心深外的感情', 'n. A nerve or tendon, supposed to brace and sustain the\n   heart.'}"
foolish	['just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', '“As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.', 'It was about to finish me off when they arrived.”Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them.“Well — in that case ...” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”Hermione hung her head.', 'A foolish young man I was then, full of ridiculous ideas about good and evil.']	"{""'fu:liʃ"", 'a. 愚蠢的, 傻的', 'foolish', 'a. devoid of good sense or judgment'}"
snatched	['just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', 'Try —”Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.“No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.', 'Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red — oh…” His face fell, because the Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet, “…you’ve forgotten something….”Neville was trying to remember what he’d forgotten when Draco Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his hand.Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.', 'They grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one.Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.']	{'v to grasp hastily or eagerly\nv to make grasping motions\nv take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom', 'snatched', 'v. 突然伸手拿取, 攫取, 抓住( snatch的过去式和过去分词 ); 抓紧时间做; 乘机获得; 夺去', 'snætʃt'}
feather	['Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling.', 'We use unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons.', 'just take it and give it a wave.”Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatched it out of his hand almost at once.“Maple and phoenix feather.', 'Not to worry, we’ll find the perfect match here somewhere — I wonder, now — yes, why not — unusual combination — holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.”Harry took the wand.', 'It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather — just one other.', 'Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', 'These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts.“What are you looking for, boy?”“Nothing,” said Harry.Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.“You’d better get out, then.', 'There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.“I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes.', 'After a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.“That one!” he called to the others.', '“That big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.”Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.“We’ve got to close in on it!” Harry called, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing.']	"{'n. 羽毛\nvi. 长羽毛\nvt. 用羽毛装饰', 'feather', ""'feðә"", 'n. the light horny waterproof structure forming the external covering of birds\nn. turning an oar parallel to the water between pulls\nv. join tongue and groove, in carpentry\nv. cover or fit with feathers'}"
whippy	['Quite whippy.']	"{'whippy', ""'hwipi"", 'a. 柔韧的, 鞭子的, 有弹性的', 's bending and snapping back readily without breaking'}"
springy	['Try —”Harry tried — but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatched back by Mr. Ollivander.“No, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.']	"{'a. 有弹力的, 轻快的, 多泉水的', 's. (of movements) light and confidently active', ""'spriŋi"", 'springy'}"
happier	['The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.“Tricky customer, eh?', 'He couldn’t ever remember feeling happier.']	{'', 'happier', 'a. 更快乐的, 更幸福的', 'a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure\ns marked by good fortune\ns eagerly disposed to act or to be of service\ns well expressed and to the point'}
tricky	['Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', '“Norbert’s at a tricky stage — nothin’ I can’t handle.”When they told him about Charlie’s letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the leg.“Aargh!']	"{'s not to be trusted\ns having concealed difficulty\ns marked by skill in deception', 'tricky', ""'triki"", 'a. 狡猾的, 机敏的'}"
supple	['Not to worry, we’ll find the perfect match here somewhere — I wonder, now — yes, why not — unusual combination — holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.”Harry took the wand.']	"{""'sʌpl"", 'a. 柔软的, 逢迎的, 顺从的\nvt. 使柔软, 使顺从', 'v. make pliant and flexible', 'supple'}"
spark	['He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.', 'The most you and Malfoy’ll be able to do is send sparks at each other.', 'A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.“Isn’t he beautiful?” Hagrid murmured.', 'Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we’ll send up green sparks, right?', 'Get yer wands out an’ practice now — that’s it — an’ if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an’ we’ll all come an’ find yeh — so, be careful — let’s go.”The forest was black and silent.', 'Red sparks, the others are in trouble!”“You two wait here!” Hagrid shouted.', 'Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.“We’ll be lucky ter catch anythin’ now, with the racket you two were makin’.']	{'n. a small but noticeable trace of some quality that might become stronger\nn. Scottish writer of satirical novels (born in 1918)\nn. a small fragment of a burning substance thrown out by burning material or by friction\nv. emit or produce sparks', 'spɑ:k', 'n. 火花, 火星, 闪光, 无线电报务员, 瞬间放电, 活力, 朝气, 花花公子, 情郎\nvi. 闪光, 发火花, 求婚\nvt. 发动, 鼓舞, 使有朝气, 求婚', 'spark'}
firework	['We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.', 'He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.']	{'', 'firework', 'n. 烟火具, 烟火, 烟火信号弹, 焰火, 激情的表现', 'n. (usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc.'}
clapped	['Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo!', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'Everybody clapped and cheered.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.“Ah, music,” he said, wiping his eyes.', 'Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!”Only Ron stood by him.“They’ll all forget this in a few weeks.', 'At last, she clapped her hands.“Got it,” she said.', 'Help me, Master!”And to Harry’s horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself.“Use the boy…Use the boy.…”Quirrell rounded on Harry.“Yes — Potter — come here.”He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	{'klæpt', 'clapped', 'imp. & p. p. of Clap', 'v. 拍手( clap的过去式和过去分词 ); （常指友好地）轻拍某人的背（或肩）; 急速放置'}
bravo	['Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo!']	"{""'brɑ:vәu"", 'bravo', ""n. a cry of approval as from an audience at the end of great performance\nv. applaud with shouts of `bravo' or `brava'"", 'n. 亡命徒, 喝彩\ninterj. 好啊\nvt. 喝彩'}"
muttering	['Well, well, well…how curious…how very curious…”He put Harry’s wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, “Curious…curious…“Sorry,” said Harry, “but what’s curious?”Mr.', 'In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters.', 'He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', 'Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.', 'I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.”“Snape was trying to save me?”“Of course,” said Quirrell coolly.']	"{'', '[医] 嗫语', 'muttering', ""n a low continuous indistinct sound; often accompanied by movement of the lips without the production of articulate speech\nn a complaint uttered in a low and indistinct tone\nv talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice\nv make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath""}"
singled	['Yeh’ve been singled out, an’ that’s always hard.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Single', 'singled', 'v. 挑选( single的过去式和过去分词 )', 'ˈsiŋɡld'}
smatter	['But yeh’ll have a great time at Hogwarts — I did — still do, ’smatter of fact.”Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.“Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, “ he said.']	"{""'smætә"", 'v. 略知, 略懂\nn. 一知半解, 肤浅知识, 少数', 'smatter', 'v. speak with spotty or superficial knowledge'}"
depressing	['Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did become a bit depressing after a while.Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company.']	"{'depressing', ""di'presiŋ"", 'a. causing sad feelings of gloom and inadequacy', 'a. 抑压的, 沉闷的, 阴沉的'}"
ticked	['Every night before he went to sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first.On the last day of August he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to King’s Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television.', 'Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.“Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’s see…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then some o’ the teachers did enchantments…Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course.', 'Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors.']	{'v make a clicking or ticking sound\nv make a sound like a clock or a timer\nv sew\nv put a check mark on or near or next to', 'tikt', 'ticked', 'n. 被套'}
grunt	['He didn’t blame her — if he’d had a sister like that…but all the same, those people in cloaks.…He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o’clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.“Sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell.', 'Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.“Where was I?” said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.“He’s not going,” he said.Hagrid grunted.“I’d like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,” he said.“A what?” said Harry, interested.“A Muggle,” said Hagrid, “it’s what we call nonmagic folk like them.', '“There’s an owl —”“Pay him,” Hagrid grunted into the sofa.“What?”“He wants payin’ fer deliverin’ the paper.', 'He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room.“Er — Uncle Vernon?”Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.“Er — I need to be at King’s Cross tomorrow to — to go to Hogwarts.”Uncle Vernon grunted again.“Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?”Grunt.', 'Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks.The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.', 'He grunted and offered him another rock cake.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', '“We must’ve been through hundreds of books already and we can’t find him anywhere — just give us a hint — I know I’ve read his name somewhere.”“I’m sayin’ nothin’, said Hagrid flatly.“Just have to find out for ourselves, then,” said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.They had indeed been searching books for Flamel’s name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal?', 'He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch would never know.Ron grunted in his sleep.']	{'n. the short low gruff noise of the kind made by hogs\nn. an unskilled or low-ranking soldier or other worker\nn. medium-sized tropical marine food fishes that utter grunting sounds when caught\nv. issue a grunting, low, animal-like noise', 'grunt', 'grʌnt', 'vi. 作呼噜声\nvt. 咕哝\nn. 呼噜声, 咕哝'}
barking	[]	"{'barking', ""'bɑ:kiŋ"", 'v speak in an unfriendly tone\nv cover with bark\nv remove the bark of a tree\nv make barking sounds\nv tan (a skin) with bark tannins', '[机] 去皮, 剥皮'}"
ruddy	['“Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.”Harry woke at five o’clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep.', 'He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burst into tears.“It’s — all — my — ruddy — fault!” he sobbed, his face in his hands.']	"{'ruddy', 's inclined to a healthy reddish color often associated with outdoor life\ns of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies', 'a. 红的, 红润的\nv. (使)变红', ""'rʌdi""}"
paced	['He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up.', 'He paced up and down in front of the fire.']	{'v walk with slow or fast paces\nv go at a pace\nv measure (distances) by pacing\nv regulate or set the pace of', 'a. 节奏均匀的', 'paced', 'peist'}
wheeled	['Uncle Vernon dumped Harry’s trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him.', 'Harry and Ron wheeled round.Snape was standing there.“Good afternoon,” he said smoothly.They stared at him.“You shouldn’t be inside on a day like this,” he said, with an odd, twisted smile.“We were —” Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.“You want to be more careful,” said Snape.']	{'a. having wheels; often used in combination', 'wheeled', 'a. 有轮的；轮式的', 'hwi:ld'}
piped	['They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.“Now, what’s the platform number?” said the boys’ mother.“Nine and three-quarters!” piped a small girl, also red-headed, who was holding her hand, “Mom, can’t I go…”“You’re not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet.']	{'a. 酒醉的', 'piped', 'paipt', 'v utter a shrill cry\nv transport by pipeline\nv play on a pipe\nv trim with piping\nv kill by firing a missile\nv hit with a missile from a weapon\nv defeat thoroughly'}
redheaded	['He didn’t know what he was going to — but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.“Anyone sitting there?” he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry.']	"{'s. having red hair and usually fair skin', 'a. 红发的, 红头羽毛的', 'redheaded', ""'red'hedid""}"
ginny	[]	"{'', 'n. 意大利人\na. 杜松子酒的,有杜松子酒味的', ""'dʒini"", 'Ginny'}"
dividing	['Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.']	"{'dividing', 'v separate into parts or portions\nv perform a division\nv act as a barrier between; stand between\nv come apart\nv make a division or separation\nv force, take, or pull apart', ""di'vaidiŋ"", '[机] 分度'}"
briskly	['His twin called after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later, he had gone — but how had he done it?Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier he was almost there — and then, quite suddenly, he wasn’t anywhere.There was nothing else for it.“Excuse me,” Harry said to the plump woman.“Hello, dear,” she said.', '“It’s just lucky I got it back.”“But will it cover all three of us?” said Ron.“All — all three of us?”“Oh, come off it, you don’t think we’d let you go alone?”“Of course not,” said Hermione briskly.']	"{'r. in a brisk manner', 'briskly', 'adv. 活泼地, 精神勃勃地', ""'briskli""}"
gangling	['He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose.“Yes,” said Harry.']	"{'s. tall and thin and having long slender limbs\ns. tall and thin', 'gangling', ""'gæŋgliŋ"", 'a. 瘦长难看的'}"
trolley	['Go on, go now before Ron.”“Er — okay,” said Harry.He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier.']	"{'n. 电车, 手推车, 台车\nvt. 用手推车运\nvi. 乘电车', 'n a wheeled vehicle that runs on rails and is propelled by electricity', 'trolley', ""'trɒli""}"
chattering	['Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.', 'Off you trot!”The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase.']	"{'n the rapid series of noises made by the parts of a machine\nn the high-pitched continuing noise made by animals (birds or monkeys)\nv click repeatedly or uncontrollably\nv cut unevenly with a chattering tool\nv talk socially without exchanging too much information\nv speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly\nv make noise as if chattering away', 'chattering', 'n. 颤振, 震颤；颤动', ""'tʃætәriŋ""}"
poked	['He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'She opened the door and poked her head inside.“Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?”Wood?', 'Ouch!”Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Poke', 'v. 伸出( poke的过去式和过去分词 ); 戳出; 拨弄; 与（某人）性交', 'poked', 'pəukt'}
compartment	['He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'C’mere and help!”With the twins’ help, Harry’s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.“Thanks,” said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.“What’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry’s lightning scar.“Blimey,” said the other twin.', '“I’m up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves —”“Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?” said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise.', 'He didn’t know what he was going to — but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.“Anyone sitting there?” he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry.', 'The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.“Are you really Harry Potter?” Ron blurted out.Harry nodded.“Oh — well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George’s jokes,” said Ron.', 'Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills.There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy Harry had passed on platform nine and three-quarters came in.', 'Anyway —”He had just raised his wand when the compartment door slid open again.', 'He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn’t Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from Madam Malkin’s robe shop.', '“They’re saying all down the train that Harry Potter’s in this compartment.']	"{""kәm'pɑ:tmәnt"", 'n. 分隔间, 卧车包房, 防水舱隔\n[医] 隔室, 隔间', 'compartment', 'n. a space into which an area is subdivided\nn. a partitioned section, chamber, or separate room within a larger enclosed area'}"
shove	"['He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door.', '“But first years never — you must be the youngest house player in about —”“ — a century,” said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth.', ""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk.""]"	{'n. 推, 挤\nvt. 推挤, 猛推, 强使\nvi. 推', 'ʃʌv', 'n. the act of shoving (giving a push to someone or something)\nv. push roughly', 'shove'}
heave	['It’s just astounding…of all the things to stop him…but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?”“We can only guess.” said Dumbledore.', 'He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door.', 'I read about it in Hogwarts, A History.”It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didn’t simply open on to the heavens.Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years.', 'Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors.', '“Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens.', 'They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.“Now what?” said Ron.“These birds…they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione.They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering?“They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly.', 'He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.“But Snape always seemed to hate me so much.”“Oh, he does,” said Quirrell casually, “heavens, yes.']	{'hi:v', 'n. an upward movement (especially a rhythmical rising and falling)\nn. (geology) a horizontal dislocation\nn. the act of lifting something with great effort\nn. an involuntary spasm of ineffectual vomiting', 'n. 举, 抛, 起伏, 鼓起\nvt. 用力举起, 使举起, 使鼓起\nvi. 抛出, 起伏, 喘息, 凸起', 'heave'}
painfully	"['He tried to lift it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot.“Want a hand?” It was one of the red-haired twins he’d followed through the barrier.“Yes, please,” Harry panted.“Oy, Fred!', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day.""]"	"{'r. unpleasantly\nr. in or as if in pain', 'painfully', ""'peinfuli"", 'adv. 痛苦地, 苦恼地, 费力地'}"
sweaty	['C’mere and help!”With the twins’ help, Harry’s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.“Thanks,” said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.“What’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry’s lightning scar.“Blimey,” said the other twin.', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.“Firenze!” Bane thundered.']	"{'a. 出汗的, 吃力的', ""'sweti"", 'superl. Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment.\nsuperl. Consisting of sweat; of the nature of sweat.\nsuperl. Causing sweat; hence, laborious; toilsome; difficult.', 'sweaty'}"
jerk	['For a second, Mr. Dursley didn’t realize what he had seen — then he jerked his head around to look again.', 'It was on their news.” She jerked her head back at the Dursleys’ dark living-room window.', 'She can’t take him.” She jerked her head in Harry’s direction.Dudley’s mouth fell open in horror, but Harry’s heart gave a leap.', 'He looked back at the snake and winked, too.The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling.', '“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.', '“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.', 'He went straight to the window and jerked it open.', 'Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.“Ron, you’ve got something on your nose.”The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.“Mom — geroff” He wriggled free.“Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?” said one of the twins.“Shut up,” said Ron.“Where’s Percy?” said their mother.“He’s coming now.”The oldest boy came striding into sight.', 'What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better get back on the train?When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', 'It was carrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as it went.“Dunno what Harry thinks he’s doing,” Hagrid mumbled.', 'Harry’s broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it.']	{'n. a dull stupid fatuous person\nn. an abrupt spasmodic movement\nn. (mechanics) the rate of change of acceleration\nn. raising a weight from shoulder height to above the head by straightening the arms', 'dʒә:k', 'n. 性情古怪的人, 急拉, 肌肉抽搐, 牛肉干\nvi. 痉挛, 急拉, 急推\nvt. 猛拉', 'jerk'}
ayah	[]	"{""'aiә"", 'ayah', 'n. 女仆, 保姆', 'n. (in India) a native nursemaid who looks after children'}"
prefect	['“I’m up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves —”“Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?” said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise.', '“Once —”“Or twice —”“A minute —”“All summer —”“Oh, shut up,” said Percy the Prefect.“How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?” said one of the twins.“Because he’s a prefect,” said their mother fondly.', 'Now Percy’s a prefect.', 'Percy got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn’t aff — I mean, I got Scabbers instead.”Ron’s ears went pink.', 'I do think he might have told us prefects, at least.”“And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!” cried Dumbledore.', '“The Bloody Baron’s the only one who can control him, he won’t even listen to us prefects.', '“Go back to bed!”“I almost told your brother,” Hermione snapped, “Percy — he’s a prefect, he’d put a stop to this.”Harry couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering.“Come on,” he said to Ron.', 'Excuse me, I’m a prefect!”“How could a troll get in?” Harry asked as they climbed the stairs.“Don’t ask me, they’re supposed to be really stupid,” said Ron.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', 'Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.', 'He suspected he wouldn’t have lost so badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him so much.After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they’d stolen his prefect badge.It had been Harry’s best Christmas day ever.', 'Percy could be heard telling the other prefects, “My brother, you know!']	"{'n. a chief officer or chief magistrate', 'prefect', 'n. 长官, 地方行政长官\n[法] 县长, 地方行政长官, 司令官', ""'pri:fekt""}"
fondly	['“Once —”“Or twice —”“A minute —”“All summer —”“Oh, shut up,” said Percy the Prefect.“How come Percy gets new robes, anyway?” said one of the twins.“Because he’s a prefect,” said their mother fondly.']	"{""'fɒndli"", 'fondly', 'adv. 溺爱地, 怜爱地, 情柔地', 'r. with fondness; with love'}"
behave	['Then she turned to the twins.“Now, you two — this year, you behave yourselves.']	"{'vi. 举止端正, 行为规矩\nvt. 检点(自己的)行为, 使表现好', 'v. behave in a certain manner\nv. behave well or properly', 'behave', ""bi'heiv""}"
yourselves	['Then she turned to the twins.“Now, you two — this year, you behave yourselves.', 'I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.', 'She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.“Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.”“Go away.”“All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re so —”But what they were, they didn’t find out.', 'It’s obviously guarding something.”She stood up, glaring at them.“I hope you’re pleased with yourselves.', 'Explain yourselves.”It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher’s question.']	"{'pron. 你们自己', ""jɔ:'selvz,jjә-,jә-"", 'pl.  of Yourself', 'yourselves'}"
rubbed	['He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.“Hey, Mom, guess what?']	{'', 'v. 摩擦；搓；擦（rub的过去式和过去分词）', 'rubbed', 'v move over something with pressure\nv cause friction\nv scrape or rub as if to relieve itching'}
goggle	['Know who he is?”“Who?”“Harry Potter!”Harry heard the little girl’s voice.“Oh, Mom, can I go on the train and see him, Mom, eh please....”“You’ve already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn’t something you goggle at in a zoo.']	"{'goggle', ""'gɒgl"", 'v. look with amazement; look stupidly', 'n. 眼睛瞪视, 护目镜\na. 突出的, 瞪眼的\nvi. 瞪眼看, 眼珠转动\nvt. 使瞪眼, 使眼珠转动'}"
polite	['He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform.”“Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like?”Their mother suddenly became very stern.“I forbid you to ask him, Fred.', '“Unless you’re a bit politer you’ll go the same way as your parents.', 'Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.', 'Had that been what the thieves were looking for?As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they’d been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he’d had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.']	"{'a. 有礼貌的, 文雅的, 客气的, 有教养的', ""pә'lait"", 'polite', 'a. showing regard for others in manners, speech, behavior, etc.'}"
whistle	['After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', 'Griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up the tracks toward them.', 'As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school.”“All right, keep your hair on.”A whistle sounded.“Hurry up!” their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train.', 'Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he’d been doing it wrong for years.“Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard,” said Madam Hooch.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'He felt braver.“Mount your brooms, please.”Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air.']	"{""'hwisl"", 'n. 口哨, 汽笛, 啸啸声, 口哨声\nvi. 吹口哨, 鸣汽笛, 发嘘嘘声\nvt. 用口哨或吹哨传意, 用口哨演奏', 'whistle', 'n. the sound made by something moving rapidly or by steam coming out of a small aperture\nn. the act of signalling (e.g., summoning) by whistling or blowing a whistle\nn. a small wind instrument that produces a whistling sound by blowing into it\nn. acoustic device that forces air or steam against an edge or into a cavity and so produces a loud shrill sound'}"
waving	['Harry saw the boys’ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets.', '“As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.', 'Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it — Harry had to put it out with his hat.Ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck.“Wingardium Leviosa!” he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.“You’re saying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione snap.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving.', 'Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.“Sent owls off ter all yer parents’ old school friends, askin’ fer photos…knew yeh didn’ have any…d’yeh like it?”Harry couldn’t speak, but Hagrid understood.Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night.']	{'', 'waving', 'n the act of signaling by a movement of the hand\nv signal with the hands or nod\nv move or swing back and forth\nv move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion\nv twist or roll into coils or ringlets\nv set waves in', 'a. 波浪状的'}
disappear	['“A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all.', 'About why he’s disappeared?', 'Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.It started to rain.', 'Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that — that school — and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats.', 'Harry saw the boys’ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner.', 'Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledore’s face had disappeared.“He’s gone!”“Well, you can’t expect him to hang around all day,” said Ron.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', '“They were some of the first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared.', 'Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape.”Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn’t look at him again.At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again.', 'See you.”Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.“Having a last meal, Potter?', 'He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered.', 'But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref!', 'He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', 'The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Norris’s Christmas dinner.Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds.', 'Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.“You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.', 'He waited until Quirrell’s footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the classroom.', 'Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees.', 'Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him.']	"{"".disә'piә"", 'disappear', 'v. get lost, as without warning or explanation', 'vi. 消失, 不见'}"
rounded	['He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'Harry saw the boys’ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the corner.', 'Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.“You — Potter — why didn’t you tell him not to add the quills?', '“That’s hardly one swallow.”They looked at each other.“Which one will get you back through the purple flames?”Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.“You drink that,” said Harry.', 'Help me, Master!”And to Harry’s horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself.“Use the boy…Use the boy.…”Quirrell rounded on Harry.“Yes — Potter — come here.”He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off.']	"{'a. 圆形的, 滚圆的, 完整的, 圆润的', ""'raundid"", 'a. curving and somewhat round in shape rather than jagged', 'rounded'}"
tarantula	['Harry saw he still had a black mark on his nose.“Hey, Ron.”The twins were back.“Listen, we’re going down the middle of the train — Lee Jordan’s got a giant tarantula down there.”“Right,” mumbled Ron.“Harry,” said the other twin, “did we introduce ourselves?']	"{'tarantula', 'n. 鸟蛛, 狼蛛\n[医] 狼蛛', 'n. large hairy tropical spider with fangs that can inflict painful but not highly venomous bites', ""tә'ræntjulә""}"
accountant	['“I think Mom’s got a second cousin who’s an accountant, but we never talk about him.”“So you must know loads of magic already.”The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.“I heard you went to live with Muggles,” said Ron.']	"{'n. someone who maintains and audits business accounts', 'accountant', ""ә'kauntәnt"", 'n. 会计人员, 会计师\n[经] 会计师, 会计人员'}"
gloomy	['He was hungry, he’d missed five television programs he’d wanted to see, and he’d never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city.', 'For some reason, he was looking gloomy.', '“I’m sure Firenze thought he was acting for the best, “ he said in his gloomy voice.Bane kicked his back legs in anger.“For the best!', 'Hey — where’re yeh goin’?”Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn’t speak to each other at all until they came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy after the grounds.“We’ve got to go to Dumbledore,” said Harry.']	"{""'glu:mi"", 'a. 抑沉的, 忧闷的, 黑暗的, 悲观的', 'gloomy', 's. filled with melancholy and despondency'}"
useless	['I’ve got Bill’s old robes, Charlie’s old wand, and Percy’s old rat.”Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.“His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ever wakes up.']	"{'a. having no beneficial use or incapable of functioning usefully', 'useless', ""'ju:slis"", 'a. 无用的, 无效的, 无益的\n[机] 无用, 无价值, 无效'}"
voicing	['I’ve got loads to learn.…I bet,” he added, voicing for the first time something that had been worrying him a lot lately, “I bet I’m the worst in the class.”“You won’t be.']	{'', 'voicing', 'n. the act of adjusting an organ pipe (or wind instrument) so that it conforms to the standards of tone and pitch and color', 'n. 发言；牵动声带；调声'}
flick	['He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it.', 'He clicked it again — the next lamp flickered into darkness.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'All the kids want owls, they’re dead useful, carry yer mail an’ everythin’.”Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight.', 'Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, “I can’t believe you’re going to do this, Harry.”A lamp flickered on.', '“Swish and flick, remember, swish and flick.', 'Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!']	{'n. 快速的轻打, 轻打声, 弹开\nv. 轻弹, 轻轻拂去, 忽然摇动', 'n. a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible)\nn. a short stroke\nv. look through a book or other written material\nv. twitch or flutter', 'flick', 'flik'}
corridor	"['They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'Harry went out into the corridor.He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he could carry — but the woman didn’t have Mars Bars.', '“Would you mind leaving while we change?”“All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice.', 'They crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor.The train slowed right down and finally stopped.', 'And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.”Dumbledore’s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.“Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term.', 'Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.“And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.”Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.“He’s not serious?” he muttered to Percy.“Must be,” said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'Here we are.”At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress.“Password?” she said.“Caput Draconis,” said Percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall.', 'People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.', 'Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor.', 'She patrolled the corridors alone.', 'She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', '“We’ve got to go, we’re going to be late.”They hadn’t even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them.“I’m coming with you,” she said.“You are not.”“D’you think I’m going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?', '“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'They were in a corridor.', 'The forbidden corridor on the third floor.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors.', '“Everyone see here, Miss Granger’s done it!”Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.“It’s no wonder no one can stand her,” he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “she’s a nightmare, honestly.”Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.', '“But Percy’d better not see us.”Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom.', 'He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view.“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.', 'Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit Charlie.When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead.', 'They were sure she’d be able to tell them, but they couldn’t risk Snape hearing what they were up to.Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasn’t very hopeful.', 'He walked quickly down the corridor.Where should he go?', 'Panicking, he heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside — stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'They couldn’t see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor and if they came much nearer they’d knock right into him — the cloak didn’t stop him from being solid.He backed away as quietly as he could.', 'I want to see my parents.”“Don’t push me —”A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.', 'In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet.Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside.', 'Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors.', 'UP another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier.“Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", '“You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.” He put on a high voice, “‘Oh Professor Flitwick, I’m so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong….’”“Oh, shut up,” said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.“And we’d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,” Harry told Ron.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.']"	"{""'kɒridɒ:"", 'n. an enclosed passageway; rooms usually open onto it', 'n. 走廊, 回廊, 人口密集地带', 'corridor'}"
bott	"[""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.“How did you get here?” Harry asked, looking around for another boat.“Flew,” said Hagrid.“Flew?”“Yeah — but we’ll go back in this.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'Harry cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote.', '“Abbott, Hannah!”A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down.', 'What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better get back on the train?When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', '“It’s that stupid thing Longbottom’s gran sent him.”The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up.“Give that here, Malfoy,” said Harry quietly.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interesting looking book.', ""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk."", 'See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.”Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.“I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered.Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.”“Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.”Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.“I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—”“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —”“What?', 'There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.“I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes.', 'I suppose you think it’s funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?”Harry caught Neville’s eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasn’t true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt.', 'All three of you will receive detentions — yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch match.“Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.“Professor — please —”“You can’t —”“Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter.', 'Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach.', 'There was no sign of the bottom.He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips.', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.', 'They were trapped.“Look!” Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles.', 'Seven bottles: three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us back through the purple.”“But how do we know which to drink?”“Give me a minute.”Hermione read the paper several times.', 'Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.', '“The smallest bottle will get us through the blackfire — toward the Stone.”Harry looked at the tiny bottle.“There’s only enough there for one of us,” he said.', '“That’s hardly one swallow.”They looked at each other.“Which one will get you back through the purple flames?”Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.“You drink that,” said Harry.', 'She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.“It’s not poison?” said Harry anxiously.“No — but it’s like ice.”“Quick, go, before it wears off.”“Good luck — take care.”“GO!”Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle.', 'He turned to face the black flames.“Here I come,” he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body.', 'He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn’t feel them — for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire — then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.There was already someone there — but it wasn’t Snape.', 'I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom.”Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table.']"	{'', '[机] 堵塞', 'bott', 'bɔt'}
pumpkin	['Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago.Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet.', 'His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors.', 'Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.']	"{'n. a coarse vine widely cultivated for its large pulpy round orange fruit with firm orange skin and numerous seeds; subspecies of Cucurbita pepo include the summer squashes and a few autumn squashes\nn. usually large pulpy deep-yellow round fruit of the squash family maturing in late summer or early autumn', 'n. 南瓜', ""'pʌmpkin"", 'pumpkin'}"
licorice	[]	"{""'likәris"", 'licorice', 'n. 甘草\n[医] 甘草', 'n. deep-rooted coarse-textured plant native to the Mediterranean region having blue flowers and pinnately compound leaves; widely cultivated in Europe for its long thick sweet roots\nn. a black candy flavored with the dried root of the licorice plant'}"
tipped	['Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'He was never going to meet you — Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.”Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn’t going to tell her that.“Let’s go.”It wasn’t going to be that simple.']	{'', 'a. 焊接在尖头上的, 镶齿的', 'a. having a tip; or having a tip as specified (used in combination)', 'tipped'}
unwrapped	['Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'I’ve got about five hundred, but I haven’t got Agrippa or Ptolemy.”Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card.', 'You can start collecting.”Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.“Help yourself,” said Harry.', 'He unwrapped it.Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds.', 'In stinking Slytherin.”Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.“Thanks, Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?”As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.“Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —”He gasped.']	{'', 'unwrapped', 'a. not yet wrapped or having the wrapping removed', 'a. 解缠的'}
pasty	['Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped it onto an empty seat.“Hungry, are you?”“Starving,” said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.', 'He pulled one of them apart and said, “She always forgets I don’t like corned beef..”“Swap you for one of these,” said Harry, holding up a pasty.', '“She hasn’t got much time,” he added quickly, “you know, with five of us.”“Go on, have a pasty,” said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.']	"{'a. 面糊似的, (脸色)苍白的, 软弱的\nn. 肉馅饼', 'n. small meat pie or turnover\nn. (usually used in the plural) one of a pair of adhesive patches worn to cover the nipples of exotic dancers and striptease performers\ns. resembling paste in color; pallid', ""'peisti. 'pæsti"", 'pasty'}"
flowing	['He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.']	{'n the motion characteristic of fluids (liquids or gases)\nv move or progress freely as if in a stream\nv move along, of liquids\nv cause to flow\nv be abundantly present\nv fall or flow in a certain way\nv cover or swamp with water\nv undergo menstruation\ns designed or arranged to offer the least resistant to fluid flow', 'a. 流动的, 如流的, 平滑的', 'flowing', 'flәuiŋ'}
alchemy	['I might get Agrippa — thanks —”Harry turned over his card and read:ALBUS DUMBLEDORECURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTSC onsidered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon’s blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel.', 'I told you I’d read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here — listen to this: ‘Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon’s blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel’!”Hermione jumped to her feet.', 'Look – read that, there.”She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read:The ancient study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer’s Stone, a legendary substance with astonishing powers.']	"{'alchemy', ""'ælkimi"", 'n. a pseudoscientific forerunner of chemistry in medieval times', 'n. 炼金术, 魔力\n[化] 炼丹术; 炼金术; 金丹术'}"
tenpin	['Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledore’s face had disappeared.“He’s gone!”“Well, you can’t expect him to hang around all day,” said Ron.']	"{'[美](十柱戏的)柱子', 'tenpin', 'n. one of the bottle-shaped pins used in bowling', ""'tenpin""}"
astonishment	['Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledore’s face had disappeared.“He’s gone!”“Well, you can’t expect him to hang around all day,” said Ron.']	"{'astonishment', ""ә'stɒniʃmәnt"", 'n. the feeling that accompanies something extremely surprising', 'n. 惊异, 惊愕, 使人惊异的事物'}"
amazed	['What, they don’t move at all?” Ron sounded amazed.', '“Wood told me.”Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.“I start training next week,” said Harry.', 'Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'a. 吃惊的, 惊奇的', 's. filled with the emotional impact of overwhelming surprise or shock', 'amazed', ""ә'meizd""}"
grunion	[]	"{'', ""'^rʌnjәn"", 'n. (加利福尼亚)银汉鱼(一种上岸产卵的鲱形海鱼)', 'grunion'}"
tore	['They passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it could sell you a magic wand.', 'He finally tore his eyes away from the Druidess Cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans.“You want to be careful with those,” Ron warned Harry.', 'Harry tore it open at once.', 'He tore his eyes away from his mother’s face, whispered, “I’ll come back,” and hurried from the room.“You could have woken me up,” said Ron, crossly.“You can come tonight, I’m going back, I want to show you the mirror.“I’d like to see your mom and dad,” Ron said eagerly.“And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.”“You can see them any old time,” said Ron.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'Well, Nicolas and I have had a little chat, and agreed it’s all for the best.”“But that means he and his wife will die, won’t they?”“They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die.”Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry’s face.“To one as young as you, I’m sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day.']	{'tɒ:', 'n commonly the lowest molding at the base of a column\nv separate or cause to separate abruptly\nv to separate or be separated by force\nv move quickly and violently\nv strip of feathers\nv fill with tears or shed tears', 'tore', 'tear的过去式'}
druidess	[]	"{'druidess', ""'dru:idis"", 'n. 女祭司, 女巫师,女督伊德', 'n. A female Druid; a prophetess.'}"
spinach	['“When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe.']	"{'n. southwestern Asian plant widely cultivated for its succulent edible dark green leaves\nn. dark green leaves; eaten cooked or raw in salads', 'spinach', 'n. 菠菜, 货币, 胡说八道', ""'spinitʃ""}"
tripe	['“When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe.', '“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.']	{'tripe', 'n. 肚子', 'traip', 'n. lining of the stomach of a ruminant (especially a bovine) used as food'}
coconut	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut.']	"{'n. 椰子\n[医] 椰子(实)', 'coconut', 'n. the edible white meat of a coconut; often shredded for use in e.g. cakes and curries\nn. large hard-shelled oval nut with a fibrous husk containing thick white meat surrounding a central cavity filled (when fresh) with fluid or milk\nn. tall palm tree bearing coconuts as fruits; widely planted throughout the tropics', ""'kәukәnәt""}"
baked	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.']	"{""'beikid"", 's. (bread and pastries) cooked by dry heat (as in an oven)', 'baked', 'a. 烘焙的；烤的'}"
strawberry	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.']	"{'strawberry', ""'strɒ:bәri"", 'n. 草莓', 'n. sweet fleshy red fruit\nn. any of various low perennial herbs with many runners and bearing white flowers followed by edible fruits having many small achenes scattered on the surface of an enlarged red pulpy berry\nn. a soft red birthmark'}"
curry	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew you’d seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone.”“You let the troll in?”“Certainly.']	"{'curry', 'n. 咖哩粉, 咖哩饭菜\nvt. 用咖哩粉调味, 用马梳梳, 制革', 'n. (East Indian cookery) a pungent dish of vegetables or meats flavored with curry powder and usually eaten with rice\nv. season with a mixture of spices; typical of Indian cooking\nv. treat by incorporating fat', ""'kʌri. 'kә:ri""}"
sardine	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.']	"{'n. 沙丁鱼', ""sɑ:'di:n"", 'sardine', 'n. small fatty fish usually canned\nn. any of various small edible herring or related food fishes frequently canned'}"
nibble	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls.']	"{""'nibl"", 'n. gentle biting\nv. bite off very small pieces\nv. bite gently\nv. eat intermittently; take small bites of', 'nibble', 'n. 少量食物, 细咬, 轻咬, 啃\nv. 一点一点地咬, 细咬, 吹毛求疵\n[计] 半字节'}"
countryside	['Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'He wasn’t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	"{'n. rural regions', ""'kʌntrisaid"", 'countryside', 'n. 乡下地方, 乡下居民'}"
wilder	['My — my mom and dad weren’t famous, were they?”“Yeh don’ know...yeh don’ know....” Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.“Yeh don’ know what yeh are?” he said finally.Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.“Stop!” he commanded.', 'Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', 'At last, he said, “The forest hides many secrets.”A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.“Hullo, Bane,” said Hagrid.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{""'wildә"", 'n. United States writer and dramatist (1897-1975)\nn. United States filmmaker (born in Austria) whose dark humor infused many of the films he made (1906-2002)', 'wilder', 'v. (使)迷失'}"
tearful	['He looked tearful.“Sorry,” he said, “but have you seen a toad at all?”When they shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve lost him!']	"{'a. filled with or marked by tears', ""'tiәful"", 'tearful', 'a. 含泪的, 使人流泪的, 流泪的'}"
roadless	[]	"{""'rәjdlis"", 's lacking pathways', 'roadless', 'a. 无路的'}"
bossy	['She had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.“We’ve already told him we haven’t seen it,” said Ron, but the girl wasn’t listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.“Oh, are you doing magic?', 'All Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus.']	"{'bossy', 's offensively self-assured or given to exercising usually unwarranted power', 'a. 专横的, 浮雕装饰的', ""'bɒsi""}"
aback	['Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.']	"{'aback', 'adv. 向后, 朝后, 突然, 船顶风地', ""ә'bæk"", 'r. having the wind against the forward side of the sails\nr. by surprise'}"
mellow	['Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.']	"{'v. soften, make mellow\nv. become more relaxed, easygoing, or genial\nv. make or grow (more) mellow\ns. having a full and pleasing flavor through proper aging', 'a. 成熟的, 醇的, 熟练的', ""'melәu"", 'mellow'}"
granger	[]	"{'n. 农夫, 农民', ""'greindʒә"", 'n a person who operates a farm', 'granger'}"
twentieth	[]	"{'num. 第二十, 二十分之一', ""'twentiiθ"", 'n. position 20 in a countable series of things\ns. coming next after the nineteenth in position', 'twentieth'}"
dazed	['“I know all about you, of course — I got a few extra books, for background reading, and you’re in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.”“Am I?” said Harry, feeling dazed.“Goodness, didn’t you know, I’d have found out everything I could if it was me,” said Hermione.']	"{'s. in a state of mental numbness especially as resulting from shock\ns. stunned or confused and slow to react (as from blows or drunkenness or exhaustion)', 'a. 头昏的, 眼花的\n[医] 茫然的, 迷乱的', ""'deizd"", 'dazed'}"
settling	['Gloom seemed to be settling on him again.']	"{'n. a gradual sinking to a lower level', ""'setliŋ"", 'n. 沉淀物\n[法] 固定, 移住, 殖民', 'settling'}"
depressed	['He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.“You know, I think the ends of Scabbers’ whiskers are a bit lighter,” said Harry, trying to take Ron’s mind off houses.']	"{""di'prest"", 'depressed', 's. lower than previously\ns. flattened downward as if pressed from above or flattened along the dorsal and ventral surfaces', 'a. 沮丧的, 降低的\n[医] 抑郁的, 阻抑的, 压低的, 凹[陷]的, 扁平的'}"
prickle	['For some reason, the back of his neck prickled.', 'He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who was mentioned.', 'The hairs on the back of Harry’s neck prickled.']	"{'n. 刺, 刺痛, 柳条篮子\nv. 刺, 扎, 戳, 引起刺痛, 使感到刺痛', ""'prikl"", 'v. cause a prickling sensation\nv. make a small hole into, as with a needle or a thorn', 'prickle'}"
broomstick	['Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks?', 'Several boys of about Harry’s age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it.', 'It’s like — like soccer in the Muggle world — everyone follows Quidditch — played up in the air on broomsticks and there’s four balls — sorta hard ter explain the rules.”“And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?”“School houses.', '“Oh, you wait, it’s the best game in the world —” And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he’d been to with his brothers and the broomstick he’d like to get if he had the money.', 'To make a fool of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.”He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.“You don’t know that you’ll make a fool of yourself,” said Ron reasonably.', 'He wasn’t the only one, though: the way Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d spent most of his childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick.', 'Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean’s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one.', 'Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione’s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.Harry hadn’t had a single letter since Hagrid’s note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.', 'It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.', '“Everyone stand by a broomstick.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Was that your first time on a broomstick, Potter?”Harry nodded silently.', 'They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or they’ll all want one.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', 'Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.', '“You’ll be in for it this time, Potter, first years aren’t allowed them.”Ron couldn’t resist it.“It’s not any old broomstick,” he said, “it’s a Nimbus Two Thousand.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground.', '“So — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?”“What’s basketball?” said Wood curiously.“Never mind,” said Harry quickly.“Now, there’s another player on each side who’s called the Keeper — I’m Keeper for Gryffindor.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', 'Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'And I’d bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t, she said.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', 'Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.', 'About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.Charlie’s friends were a cheery lot.', 'We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.']	"{'broomstick', 'n. 扫帚柄', ""'bru:mstik"", 'n. the handle of a broom'}"
thickset	['Both of them were thickset and looked extremely mean.']	"{'thickset', 'a. 粗壮的, 繁茂的\nn. 丛林, 密篱, 厚斜纹布', 's. planted or growing close together', ""'θik'set""}"
carelessly	['Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards.“Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle,” said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where Harry was looking.']	"{""'kєәlisli"", 'r. without care or concern', 'adv. 不注意地, 粗心地', 'carelessly'}"
cough	['“And my name’s Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.”Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigger.', 'Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said, “So — new Gryffindors!', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.']	{'kɒf', 'n. a sudden noisy expulsion of air from the lungs that clears the air passages; a common symptom of upper respiratory infection or bronchitis or pneumonia or tuberculosis\nv. exhale abruptly, as when one has a chest cold or congestion', 'cough', 'n. 咳嗽\nvi. 咳嗽\nvt. 咳出'}
snigger	['He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', '“And my name’s Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.”Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigger.', 'Our new — celebrity.”Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands.']	"{'snigger', ""'snigә"", 'n a disrespectful laugh\nv laugh quietly', 'vi. 窃笑\nn. 窃笑, 暗笑'}"
tinge	['I can help you there.”He held out his hand to shake Harry’s, but Harry didn’t take it.“I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,” he said coolly.Draco Malfoy didn’t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.“I’d be careful if I were you, Potter,” he said slowly.']	{'v. affect as in thought or feeling', 'n. 色调, 色彩, 气味, 气息\nvt. 染, 使带气息', 'tinge', 'tindʒ'}
riffraff	['You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it’ll rub off on you.”Both Harry and Ron stood up.“Say that again,” Ron said, his face as red as his hair.“Oh, you’re going to fight us, are you?” Malfoy sneered.“Unless you get out now,” said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.“But we don’t feet like leaving, do we, boys?']	"{'n. 流氓\n[法] 暴徒, 流氓', ""'rifræf"", 'riffraff', 'n disparaging terms for the common people'}"
bravely	['You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it’ll rub off on you.”Both Harry and Ron stood up.“Say that again,” Ron said, his face as red as his hair.“Oh, you’re going to fight us, are you?” Malfoy sneered.“Unless you get out now,” said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.“But we don’t feet like leaving, do we, boys?', 'They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.“We’ll just have to —” Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.“What are you three doing inside?”It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.“We want to see Professor Dumbledore,” said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.“See Professor Dumbledore?” Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do.']	"{'bravely', 'adv. 勇敢地', 'r. in a courageous manner', ""'breivli""}"
eaten	['Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'It was all delicious.“That does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak.“Can’t you —?”“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost.', 'He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.', 'He wouldn’t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch’s.', 'He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me — I’ve told her it was a dog, but I don’t think she believes me — I shouldn’t have hit him at the Quidditch match, that’s why he’s doing this.”Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.“It’ll all be over at midnight on Saturday,” said Hermione, but this didn’t soothe Ron at all.', 'As he drew closer, he heard Quirrell’s voice.“No — no — not again, please —”It sounded as though someone was threatening him.', 'But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.']	"{'v take in solid food\nv eat a meal; take a meal\nv take in food; used of animals only\nv worry or cause anxiety in a persistent way\nv use up (resources or materials)\nv cause to deteriorate due to the action of water, air, or an acid', 'eaten', ""'i:tәn"", 'eat的过去分词'}"
knuckle	['Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.“This is boring,” Dudley moaned.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.“I’d take you on anytime on my own,” said Malfoy.']	"{'knuckle', ""'nʌkl"", ""n. a joint of a finger when the fist is closed\nv. press or rub with the knuckles\nv. shoot a marble while keeping one's knuckles on the ground"", 'n. 指节, 蹄爪, 膝关节\nv. 以指节打, 以手指射'}"
conductor	['“Can we help you with something?”“You’d better hurry up and put your robes on, I’ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and he says we’re nearly there.']	"{'n. 领导者, 指挥者, 售票员, 向导\n[化] 导体', 'conductor', 'n. the person who leads a musical group\nn. a substance that readily conducts e.g. electricity and heat\nn. the person who collects fares on a public conveyance\nn. a device designed to transmit electricity, heat, etc.', ""kәn'dʌktә""}"
scowling	['You’ll be in trouble before we even get there!”“Scabbers has been fighting, not us,” said Ron, scowling at her.']	{'scowling', 'skaulɪŋ', 'v. 怒视, 生气地皱眉( scowl的现在分词 )', 'v frown with displeasure\ns sullen or unfriendly in appearance'}
childishly	['“Would you mind leaving while we change?”“All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice.']	"{""'tʃaɪldɪʃlɪ"", 'r. in a childlike manner', 'childishly', 'adv. 天真地, 幼小地; 幼稚地'}"
sniffy	['“Would you mind leaving while we change?”“All right — I only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,” said Hermione in a sniffy voice.']	"{""'snifi"", 'a. 傲慢的, 轻蔑的, 微臭的', 'sniffy', 's having or showing arrogant superiority to and disdain of those one views as unworthy'}"
thema	[]	"{""'θi:mә"", '', 'thema', 'n. 拜占庭帝国的行政区'}"
beamed	['All right there, Harry?”Hagrid’s big hairy face beamed over the sea of heads.“C’mon, follow me — any more firs’ years?', 'His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.“See?” Harry whispered.“I can’t see anything.”“Look!', 'Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.“Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’s see…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then some o’ the teachers did enchantments…Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course.']	"{'beamed', 'a. 有梁的', 'bi:md', ""v smile radiantly; express joy through one's facial expression\nv emit light; be bright, as of the sun or a light\nv express with a beaming face or smile\nv broadcast over the airwaves, as in radio or television\nv have a complexion with a strong bright color, such as red or pink\nv experience a feeling of well-being or happiness, as from good health or an intense emotion""}"
stumbling	['Firs’ years follow me!”Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path.']	{'', 'stumbling', 'v walk unsteadily\nv miss a step and fall or nearly fall\nv encounter by chance\nv make an error', 'a. 障碍的'}
steep	['It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor.', 'Firs’ years follow me!”Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'Come on — I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!”The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that.']	{'n. 浸渍, 悬崖\na. 险峻的, 陡峭的, 急剧升降的, 夸大的\nv. 浸, 泡', 'steep', 'sti:p', 'n. a steep place (as on a hill)\nv. devote (oneself) fully to\nv. let sit in a liquid to extract a flavor or to cleanse\na. having a sharp inclination'}
atop	['Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.“No more’n four to a boat!” Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore.']	"{'adv. 在顶上\nprep. 在...的顶上', ""ә'tɒp"", 'r. on, to, or at the top', 'atop'}"
starry	['Perched atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers.“No more’n four to a boat!” Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore.']	"{'a. abounding with or resembling stars', 'starry', ""'stɑ:ri"", 'a. 星光照耀的, 多星的, 星形的, 明亮的'}"
gliding	['“Right then — FORWARD!”And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass.', '“Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.', 'I know it’s here somewhere.”They passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else.']	"{""'glaidiŋ"", 'a. 游动的, 滑顺的, 滑行的', 'gliding', 'n the activity of flying a glider\nv move smoothly and effortlessly\nv fly in or as if in a glider plane\nv cause to move or pass silently, smoothly, or imperceptibly'}"
sailed	['It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.“Heads down!” yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Sail', 'seild', 'v. 驾驶( sail的过去式和过去分词 ); 起航; 坐船旅行; 掠', 'sailed'}
curtain	['It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.“Heads down!” yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.', 'At the top of a spiral staircase — they were obviously in one of the towers — they found their beds at last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains.', 'Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster.', 'Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles who’ve spotted them, to make them forget.”“So what on earth’s Hagrid up to?” said Hermione.When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’s hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.', 'It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.']	"{'n. hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)\nn. any barrier to communication or vision\nv. provide with drapery', ""'kә:tәn"", 'curtain', 'n. 帐, 幕, 窗帘\nvt. 装帘子于, 遮蔽'}"
blissfully	['Is this your toad?” said Hagrid, who was checking the boats as people climbed out of them.“Trevor!” cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands.']	"{'r. in a blissful manner', 'adv. 幸福地, 充满喜悦地', ""'blɪsfəlɪ"", 'blissfully'}"
staircase	['The stone walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to the upper floors.They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor.', 'Off you trot!”The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'At the top of a spiral staircase — they were obviously in one of the towers — they found their beds at last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains.', 'Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.', 'Nearly Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class.', 'What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep?Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor McGonagall didn’t say a word to him.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.Malfoy and Crabbe weren’t there yet.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'Midnight ticked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors.', 'UP another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier.“Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.', 'Come on — I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!”The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that.', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.', 'As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn’t do anything.They didn’t meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor.']	"{'n a way of access (upward and downward) consisting of a set of steps', ""'stєәkeis"", 'staircase', 'n. 楼梯, 梯子, 楼梯部分\n[医] 阶梯现象'}"
drone	['Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right — the rest of the school must already be here — but Professor McGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.', 'Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.']	{'drone', 'n. 雄蜂, 懒惰者, 嗡嗡的声音, 无人驾驶飞机(或船)\nvi. 嗡嗡作声, 混日子\nvt. 低沉地说', 'n. stingless male bee in a colony of social bees (especially honeybees) whose sole function is to mate with the queen\nn. an aircraft without a pilot that is operated by remote control\nn. a pipe of the bagpipe that is tuned to produce a single continuous tone\nv. make a monotonous low dull sound', 'drәun'}
banquet	['“The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses.', 'Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words.', 'Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.', 'The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.']	"{'n. 宴会', 'banquet', ""'bæŋkwit"", 'n. a ceremonial dinner party for many people\nn. a meal that is well prepared and greatly enjoyed'}"
dormitory	"['You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.“The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin.', 'They all scrambled through it — Neville needed a leg up — and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soccer.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'Why aren’t you in your dormitory?”Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look.', 'They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire.', 'Had it really once belonged to his father?Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in.', 'Something held him back — his father’s cloak — he felt that this time — the first time — he wanted to use it alone.He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole.“Who’s there?” squawked the Fat Lady.', 'Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory.']"	"{'n. a college or university building containing living quarters for students\nn. a large sleeping room containing several beds', ""'dɒ:mitәri"", 'n. 宿舍', 'dormitory'}"
whichever	['I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours.“The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school.', 'You’ve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team’s Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win.']	"{'whichever', 'pron. & a. Alt. of Whichsoever', ""hwitʃ'evә"", 'pron. 无论那一个, 任何一个'}"
smarten	['I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.']	"{'v. t. To make smart or spruce; -- usually with up.', 'vt. 使潇洒, 使整洁\nvi. 变潇洒, 变强烈', 'smarten', ""'smɑ:tn""}"
smudged	['I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.']	{'smʌdʒd', 'v. 弄脏, 留下污迹, （使）变脏( smudge的过去式 )', 'smudged', 'v make a smudge on; soil by smudging'}
flatten	['Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair.“I shall return when we are ready for you,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'He’ll flatten it, or turn it into a school for the Dark Arts!']	"{""'flætn"", 'vi. 使...不活跃, 变平\nvt. 弄平, 打倒, 使失去光泽', 'flatten', 'v. make flat or flatter\nv. become flat or flatter\nv. lower the pitch of (musical notes)'}"
jolt	['Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking.”Harry’s heart gave a horrible jolt.', 'With an unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards’ bank.']	"{'dʒәult', 'jolt', ""n. a sudden jarring impact\nv. move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion\nv. disturb (someone's) composure"", 'n. 震摇, 摇动, 颠簸\nvi. 颠簸而行, 震摇\nvt. 使颠簸, 使慌张, 猛击'}"
anxiously	['He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too.', 'aren’t you, Hagrid?” said Harry anxiously.', 'He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.“What can you see?” Hermione said anxiously.“Nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.”Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.“You want to go first?', 'She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.“It’s not poison?” said Harry anxiously.“No — but it’s like ice.”“Quick, go, before it wears off.”“Good luck — take care.”“GO!”Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle.', 'I’ve got yeh a present.”“It’s not a stoat sandwich, is it?” said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.“Nah.']	"{'r. with anxiety or apprehension', ""'æŋʃәsli"", 'anxiously', 'adv. 忧虑地, 不安地'}"
monk	['What looked like a fat little monk was saying: “Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him a second chance —”“My dear Friar, haven’t we given Peeves all the chances he deserves?', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.']	{'n. 修道士, 僧侣, 和尚', 'monk', 'mʌŋk', 'n. a male religious living in a cloister and devoting himself to contemplation and prayer and work\nn. United States jazz pianist who was one of the founders of the bebop style (1917-1982)'}
forgive	['“My mistake, my mistake — I didn’t see you — of course I didn’t, you’re invisible — forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.”“I have business here, Peeves,” croaked Harry.', '“He does not forgive mistakes easily.', 'However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which case I beg you’ll forgive me.', 'And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.”“What?”“He saved his life.”“What?”“Yes…” said Dumbledore dreamily.']	"{'vt. 原谅, 宽恕, 免除\n[法] 免除, 宽恕, 原谅', 'forgive', 'v. stop blaming or grant forgiveness\nv. absolve from payment', ""fә'giv""}"
friar	[]	"{'n. a male member of a religious order that originally relied solely on alms', ""'fraiә"", 'n. 修道士', 'friar'}"
ruff	['She looked distinctly ruffled.“How did you know it was me?” she asked.“My dear Professor, I’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.”“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said Professor McGonagall.“All day?', 'He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak, he was gone.A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen.', '’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’s hair.At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.', 'This was supposed to be good training for later life.As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'He couldn’t stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell.“Don’ mention it,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'He gives us all a bad name and you know, he’s not really even a ghost — I say, what are you all doing here?”A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.Nobody answered.“New students!” said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them.', 'We got Potter!” Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff he’d seen earlier.', 'It was all delicious.“That does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak.“Can’t you —?”“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost.', 'And saying the magic words properly is very important, too — never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said ‘s’ instead of ‘f’ and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest.”It was very difficult.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.']	{'ruff', 'n. 出王牌, 轮状皱领, 梅花鲈\nv. 出王牌(胜过)', 'n. common Eurasian sandpiper; the male has an erectile neck ruff in breeding season\nn. (card games) the act of taking a trick with a trump when unable to follow suit', 'rʌf'}
tights	['He gives us all a bad name and you know, he’s not really even a ghost — I say, what are you all doing here?”A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.Nobody answered.“New students!” said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them.']	{'n. skintight knit hose covering the body from the waist to the feet worn by acrobats and dancers and as stockings by women and girls', 'tights', 'taits', 'n. 紧身衣裤'}
mutely	['“About to be Sorted, I suppose?”A few people nodded mutely.“Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!” said the Friar.']	"{'mutely', 'adv. 无言地, 不发声地', ""'mju:tli"", 'r. without speaking'}"
splendid	['One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?']	"{'splendid', ""'spendid"", 'a. 光亮的, 了不起的, 灿烂的, 壮丽的, 显著的, 杰出的', 's having great beauty and splendor\ns very good; of the highest quality\ns characterized by grandeur'}"
glittering	['These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets.', 'Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione.', 'He was pale and his eyes were glittering.“I’m going out of here tonight and I’m going to try and get to the Stone first.”“You’re mad!” said Ron.“You can’t!” said Hermione.', 'They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.“Now what?” said Ron.“These birds…they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione.They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering?“They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly.']	{'', 'a. 闪闪发光的, 光辉灿烂的, 华丽的, 极好的, 光彩夺目的, 炫耀的', 'v be shiny, as if wet\ns having brief brilliant points or flashes of light', 'glittering'}
candlelight	['The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight.']	"{'candlelight', 'n. 烛光, 黄昏', 'n. the light provided by a burning candle', ""'kændllait""}"
dotted	['Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.']	"{""'dɒtid"", 'dotted', 's. having a pattern of dots', 'a. 有点的, 星罗棋布的'}"
upward	['Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.', 'He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.', 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.']	"{'s. directed up', 'upward', 'a. 向上的\nadv. 以上', ""'ʌpwәd""}"
velvety	['Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.']	"{""'velviti"", 'velvety', 'a. 像天鹅绒的, 轻软光滑的, 柔和的, 平和的', 's smooth and soft to sight or hearing or touch or taste\ns resembling velvet in having a smooth soft surface'}"
frayed	['This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty.']	{'frayed', 'a. 磨损的\nv. （使布、绳等）磨损, 磨破( fray的过去式和过去分词 )', 's. worn away or tattered along the edges', 'freɪd'}
brim	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!']	{'n. the top edge of a vessel or other container\nn. a circular projection that sticks outward from the crown of a hat\nv. be completely full\nv. fill as much as possible', 'n. 边, 边缘, (河)边\nvt. 注满, 使满溢\nvi. 满溢', 'brim'}
sleek	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!']	{'s. well-groomed and neatly tailored; especially too well-groomed', 'sleek', 'sli:k', 'a. 光滑的, 油嘴滑舌的, 线条明快的, 圆滑的, 时髦的\nvt. 使光滑, 掩盖\nvi. 打扮漂亮, 滑动'}
bayou	[]	"{'bayou', ""'baiu:"", 'n. a swampy arm or slow-moving outlet of a lake (term used mainly in Mississippi and Louisiana)', 'n. 支流'}"
dwell	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', 'It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that.']	{'v. originate (in)\nv. exist or be situated within', 'vi. 居住, 居住(于), 存在(于)', 'dwel', 'dwell'}
daring	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', 'See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.”Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.“I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered.Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.”“Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.”Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.“I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—”“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —”“What?', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.']	"{'daring', ""'dєәriŋ"", 'n a challenge to do something dangerous or foolhardy\nn the trait of being willing to undertake things that involve risk or danger\nv take upon oneself; act presumptuously, without permission\nv to be courageous enough to try or do something\nv challenge\ns disposed to venture or take risks\ns radically new or original', 'a. 大胆的'}"
loyal	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', '“We’ll have another little chat soon, when you’ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.”He threw his cloak over his head and strode out of the clearing.']	"{""'lɒiәl"", 'a. steadfast in allegiance or duty', 'a. 忠诚的, 忠实的, 忠贞的', 'loyal'}"
unafraid	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!']	"{'a. 不怕的', 'a. oblivious of dangers or perils or calmly resolute in facing them', 'unafraid', "".ʌnә'freid""}"
toil	['Dudley thought this was very funny.“They stuff people’s heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,” he told Harry.', '“The poor toilet’s never had anything as horrible as your head down it — it might be sick.” Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he’d said.One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figg’s.', 'If I get one more owl telling me you’ve — you’ve blown up a toilet or —”“Blown up a toilet?', 'We’ve never blown up a toilet.”“Great idea though, thanks, Mom.”“It’s not funny.', 'They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and their younger sister began to cry.“Don’t, Ginny, we’ll send you loads of owls.”“We’ll send you a Hogwarts’ toilet seat.”“George!”“Only joking, Mom.”The train began to move.', 'A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.Snape bent over the troll.', 'I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat.', 'It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	{'tɒil', 'n. 辛苦, 苦工, 网, 罗网, 圈套\nvi. 苦干, 跋涉', 'n productive work (especially physical work done for wages)\nv work hard', 'toil'}
cunning	['A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing:“Oh, you may not think I’m pretty,But don’t judge on what you see,I’ll eat myself if you can findA smarter hat than me.You can keep your bowlers black,Your top hats sleek and tall,For I’m the Hogwarts Sorting HatAnd I can cap them all.There’s nothing hidden in your headThe Sorting Hat can’t see,So try me on and I will tell youWhere you ought to be.You might belong in Gryffindor,Where dwell the brave at heart,Their daring, nerve, and chivalrySet Gryffindors apart;You might belong in Hufflepuff,Where they are just and loyal,Those patient Hufflepuffs are trueAnd unafraid of toil;Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,if you’ve a ready mind,Where those of wit and learning,Will always find their kind;Or perhaps in SlytherinYou’ll make your real friends,Those cunning folk use any meansTo achieve their ends.So put me on!']	"{'cunning', ""'kʌniŋ"", 'n. crafty artfulness (especially in deception)\ns. attractive especially by means of smallness or prettiness or quaintness', 'a. 狡猾的, 巧妙的, 可爱的\n[法] 狡猾的的, 狡诈的, 熟练的'}"
flap	['Don’t be afraid!And don’t get in a flap!You’re in safe hands (though I have none)For I’m a Thinking Cap!”The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song.']	{'n. 飘, 摆动, 拍打, 拍打声, 片状垂悬物\nv. 拍打, 鼓翼而飞, 飘动', 'flæp', 'flap', 'n. any broad thin and limber covering attached at one edge; hangs loose or projects freely\nn. the motion made by flapping up and down\nn. a movable piece of tissue partly connected to the body\nn. a movable airfoil that is part of an aircraft wing; used to increase lift or drag'}
applause	['Don’t be afraid!And don’t get in a flap!You’re in safe hands (though I have none)For I’m a Thinking Cap!”The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{'n. 鼓掌, 喝彩, 赞许', 'applause', ""ә'plɒ:z"", 'n. a demonstration of approval by clapping the hands together'}"
troll	"['Go on, go now before Ron.”“Er — okay,” said Harry.He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier.', '“I’ll kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll.”Harry.', 'She patrolled the corridors alone.', 'No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders!', 'Excuse me, I’m a prefect!”“How could a troll get in?” Harry asked as they climbed the stairs.“Don’t ask me, they’re supposed to be really stupid,” said Ron.', 'As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron’s arm.“I’ve just thought — Hermione.”“What about her?”“She doesn’t know about the troll.”Ron bit his lip.“Oh, all right,” he snapped.', 'It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside.', '“We could lock it in.”“Good idea,” said Ron nervously.They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn’t about to come out of it.', 'The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.', 'The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', 'It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll’s neck from behind.', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.Harry got to his feet.', 'Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.It was Hermione who spoke first.“Is it — dead?”“I don’t think so,” said Harry, I think it’s just been knocked out.”He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll’s nose.', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', 'They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars.', 'Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.Snape bent over the troll.', 'He wished Ron would put his wand down.Then a small voice came out of the shadows.“Please, Professor McGonagall — they were looking for me.”“Miss Granger!”Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.“I went looking for the troll because I — I thought I could deal with it on my own — you know, because I’ve read all about them.”Ron dropped his wand.', 'It was about to finish me off when they arrived.”Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them.“Well — in that case ...” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”Hermione hung her head.', 'Students are finishing the feast in their houses.”Hermione left.Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.“Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll.', 'It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else.“We should have gotten more than ten points,” Ron grumbled.“Five, you mean, once she’s taken off Hermione’s.”“Good of her to get us out of trouble like that,” Ron admitted.', ""There are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER ELEVENQUIDDITCHA s they entered November, the weather turned very cold."", 'She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'And I’d bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t, she said.', 'Harry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him.', 'Snape’s only got to say he doesn’t know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor — who do you think they’ll believe, him or us?', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.', 'Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew you’d seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone.”“You let the troll in?”“Certainly.', 'I have a special gift with trolls — you must have seen what I did to the one in the chamber back there?', 'Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off — and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn’t even manage to bite Snape’s leg off properly.“Now, wait quietly, Potter.', 'It seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts.It was the best evening of Harry’s life, better than winning at Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls…he would never, ever forget tonight.Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did.']"	"{'trɒl', ""n. (Scandanavian folklore) a supernatural creature (either a dwarf or a giant) that is supposed to live in caves or in the mountains\nn. a fisherman's lure that is used in trolling\nn. angling by drawing a baited line through the water"", 'vi. 滚动, 参加轮唱, 曳绳钓鱼\nvt. 使转动, 轮唱, 高唱, 用曳绳钓(鱼)\nn. 转动, 轮唱, 钓绳', 'troll'}"
weakly	['smiled weakly.']	"{'a. 弱的, 虚弱的\nadv. 微弱地, 虚弱地', 'weakly', 'r. in a weak or feeble manner or to a minor degree', ""'wi:kli""}"
queasy	['If only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him.Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment.“When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,” she said.']	"{""'kwi:zi"", 'queasy', 's causing or able to cause nausea\ns feeling nausea; feeling about to vomit\ns causing or fraught with or showing anxiety', 'a. 呕吐的, 使人呕吐的\n[经] 不稳定的'}"
lavender	[]	"{'n. any of various Old World aromatic shrubs or subshrubs with usually mauve or blue flowers; widely cultivated\nn. a pale purple color\ns. of a pale purple color', 'lavender', 'n. 熏衣草, 淡紫色\na. 淡紫色的\nvt. 用熏衣草熏', ""'lævindә""}"
unpleasant	['Perhaps it was Harry’s imagination, after all he’d heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot.He was starting to feel definitely sick now.', 'Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match.', 'With an unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards’ bank.', '“Hurry up, boy, we haven’t got all day.” He walked away.Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.“See you over the summer, then.”“Hope you have — er — a good holiday,” said Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.“Oh, I will,” said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face.']	"{"".ʌn'pleznt"", 'a. 使人不愉快的, 使人厌恶的, 煞风景的', 'a. disagreeable to the senses, to the mind, or feelings', 'unpleasant'}"
loathe	['They loathed each other.']	{'v find repugnant', 'vt. 厌恶, 憎恶', 'lәuð', 'loathe'}
amid	['When it finally shouted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.”Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!”Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.There weren’t many people left now.']	"{'prep. 在其间, 在其中\n[经] 在...中', 'amid', 'prep. See Amidst.\nprep. In the midst or middle of; surrounded or encompassed by;\n   among.', ""ә'mid""}"
laughter	['When it finally shouted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.”Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!”Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.There weren’t many people left now.', 'He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.“I don’t know, sir.”“Thought you wouldn’t open a book before coming, eh, Potter?” Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those cold eyes.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.“You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.', 'See, there’s Potter, who’s got no parents, then there’s the Weasleys, who’ve got no money — you should be on the team, Longbottom, you’ve got no brains.”Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.“I’m worth twelve of you, Malfoy,” he stammered.Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “You tell him, Neville.”“Longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than Weasley, and that’s saying something.”Ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry.“I’m warning you, Malfoy — one more word—”“Ron!” said Hermione suddenly, “Harry —”“What?']	"{""'lɑ:ftә"", 'laughter', 'n. the activity of laughing; the manifestation of joy or mirth or scorn', 'n. 笑, 笑声\n[医] 笑, 大笑'}"
thirst	['There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that’s interesting….So where shall I put you?”Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice.']	{'θә:st', 'n. a physiological need to drink\nv. feel the need to drink', 'thirst', 'n. 口渴, 渴望\nvi. 口渴, 渴望'}
greatness	['You could be great, you know, it’s all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that — no?']	"{'greatness', 'n. the property possessed by something or someone of outstanding importance or eminence', 'n. 大, 巨大, 广大', ""'greitnis""}"
shakily	['He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table.', '“What happened?” Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron.“Malfoy,” said Neville shakily.']	"{'shakily', 'adv. 颤抖着, 摇动着, 不可靠地', ""'ʃeikili"", 'r. in an insecurely shaky manner\nr. in a manner characterized by trembling or shaking'}"
bucket	['The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling he’d just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.He could see the High Table properly now.', 'Keep the egg in the fire, ‘cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an’ when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o’ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour.']	"{'bucket', 'n. a roughly cylindrical vessel that is open at the top\nn. the quantity contained in a bucket\nv. put into a bucket\nv. carry in a bucket', ""'bʌkit"", 'n. 桶\n[计] 存储桶; 桶'}"
taller	['“Thomas, Dean,” a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.']	"{'taller', ""'tɔ:lə(r)"", 'a. 高的( tall的比较级 ); 难以置信的; 难以完成的; （用以表示或询问高度）有...高', 'a. great in vertical dimension; high in stature\ns. lofty in style\ns. impressively difficult'}"
pompously	['Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.']	"{""'pɒmpəslɪ"", 'r. in a pompous manner', 'adv. 傲慢地, 盛大壮观地; 大模大样', 'pompously'}"
nitwit	[]	"{'n. 笨人, 傻子', 'n a stupid incompetent person', ""'nitwit"", 'nitwit'}"
blubber	[]	"{'n. 鲸脂, 哭泣\nv. 又哭又闹', ""'blʌbә"", 'n. an insulating layer of fat under the skin of whales and other large marine mammals; used as a source of oil\nv. utter while crying', 'blubber'}"
oddment	[]	"{'n. 零头, 碎屑, 零碎物件, 奇特的东西', 'n a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold\nn something unusual -- perhaps worthy of collecting', ""'ɒdmәnt"", 'oddment'}"
tweak	[]	{'twi:k', 'tweak', 'n. 拧, 扭, 焦急\nvt. 扭, 开足马力', 'v. pinch or squeeze sharply'}
uncertainly	['Harry didn’t know whether to laugh or not.“Is he — a bit mad?” he asked Percy uncertainly.“Mad?” said Percy airily.', '“Hurry up, boy, we haven’t got all day.” He walked away.Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.“See you over the summer, then.”“Hope you have — er — a good holiday,” said Hermione, looking uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant.“Oh, I will,” said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his face.']	{'', 'r. showing lack of certainty', 'uncertainly', 'adv. 没把握地；犹豫地；不确定地'}
airily	['Harry didn’t know whether to laugh or not.“Is he — a bit mad?” he asked Percy uncertainly.“Mad?” said Percy airily.']	"{'adv. 轻盈地, 快活地', 'airily', 'r in a flippant manner', ""'єәrili""}"
roast	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	{'n. a piece of meat roasted or for roasting and of a size for slicing into more than one portion\nv. cook with dry heat, usually in an oven\ns. (meat) cooked by dry heat in an oven', 'rәust', 'n. 烤肉, 烘烤, 嘲笑\na. 烘烤的, 烤过的\nvt. 烤, 炙, 烘焙, 嘲笑\nvi. 烤, 炙, 烘焙', 'roast'}
steak	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'It was all delicious.“That does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry cut up his steak.“Can’t you —?”“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost.', 'Ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he’d forgotten all about it.“Seeker?” he said.']	{'steik', 'steak', 'n. a slice of meat cut from the fleshy part of an animal or large fish', 'n. 牛排, 鱼排, 肉排'}
boiled	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	{'a. 煮沸的, (非正式)喝醉的, 烧滚的', 'bɔild', 'boiled', 's. cooked in hot water'}
gravy	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	"{'n. a sauce made by adding stock, flour, or other ingredients to the juice and fat that drips from cooking meats\nn. the seasoned but not thickened juices that drip from cooking meats; often a little water is added', ""'greivi"", 'gravy', 'n. 肉汁, 外快'}"
ketchup	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', '“Seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.”“Thanks, Seamus,” said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his sausages.By eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditch pitch.']	"{'n. 蕃茄酱', 'ketchup', 'n thick spicy sauce made from tomatoes', ""'ketʃәp""}"
starved	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.']	{'s. suffering from lack of food', 'stɑ:vd', 'starved', 'a. （等于starving）饥饿的'}
headless	['How can you be nearly headless?”Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn’t going at all the way he wanted.“Like this,” he said irritably.']	"{""'hedlis"", 'a. 无头的, 无领导者的, 无知的', 'headless', 'a. not having a head or formed without a head'}"
interrupted	['“My brothers told me about you — you’re Nearly Headless Nick!”“I would prefer you to call me Sir Nicholas de Mimsy —” the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted.“Nearly Headless?', 'Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermione’s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail.Harry hadn’t had a single letter since Hagrid’s note, something that Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.', 'Snape interrupted him.“Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrid’s yet?”“B-b-but Severus, I —”“You don’t want me as your enemy, Quirrell,” said Snape, taking a step toward him.“I-I don’t know what you—”“You know perfectly well what I mean.”An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree.']	"{'s. discontinued temporarily', 'a. 中断的, 被阻断的, 被遮断的, 被打断的\n[计] 断续的', "",intә'rʌptid"", 'interrupted'}"
hinge	['Then —SMASH!The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.A giant of a man was standing in the doorway.', 'His whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge.']	{'hindʒ', 'n. a joint that holds two parts together so that one can swing relative to the other\nn. a circumstance upon which subsequent events depend\nv. attach with a hinge', 'n. 铰链, 关键, 枢纽\nvt. 装铰链\nvi. 靠铰链移动, 依...而转移', 'hinge'}
behead	['Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly.']	"{""bi'hed"", 'vt. 斩首, 砍头', 'behead', 'v cut the head of'}"
bloody	['One of his legs was bloody and mangled.', 'He had been down at Hagrid’s hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.“It bit me!” he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief.', 'Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.']	"{'bloody', 'v. cover with blood\na. having or covered with or accompanied by blood\nr. extremely', ""'blʌdi"", 'a. 血腥的, 嗜杀的, 有血的'}"
baron	[]	"{""'bærәn"", 'baron', 'n. 男爵\n[法] 男爵, 贵族, 大王', 'n. a nobleman (in various countries) of varying rank\nn. a British peer of the lowest rank\nn. a very wealthy or powerful businessman'}"
unbearable	['The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.']	"{'a incapable of being put up with', "".ʌn'bєәrәbl"", 'unbearable', 'a. 无法忍受的, 承受不住的'}"
gaunt	['The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.']	{'a. 瘦削的, 憔悴的, 荒凉的', 'gɒ:nt', 's very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold', 'gaunt'}
treacle	['Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.']	"{'n. 糖蜜, 过分甜蜜的声调\n[化] 糖浆; 糖蜜', 'n. a pale cane syrup\nn. writing or music that is excessively sweet and sentimental', ""'tri:kl"", 'treacle'}"
trifle	['Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'He suspected he wouldn’t have lost so badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him so much.After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they’d stolen his prefect badge.It had been Harry’s best Christmas day ever.']	"{'n. 琐事, 少量\nvt. 浪费\nvi. 开玩笑, 翻弄, 虚度光阴', 'trifle', ""'traifl"", 'n. a cold pudding made of layers of sponge cake spread with fruit or jelly; may be decorated with nuts, cream, or chocolate'}"
tart	['This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.', 'I’ve got him, sir.”“No problems, were there?”“No, sir — house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin’ around.', 'Now!”Harry woke with a start.', 'Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks.', 'He was careful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn’t fall back on their favorite hobby of hitting him.', 'People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits.As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come.… Thanksss, amigo.”The keeper of the reptile house was in shock.“But the glass,” he kept saying, “where did the glass go?”The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again.', 'But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, “Harry was talking to it, weren’t you, Harry?”Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry.', 'By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches.Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley’s gang, who visited the house every single day.', 'Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared.It started to rain.', 'He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.“Could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully.He was in a very good mood.', 'Dudley’s snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight.', 'It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'Anyway, this — this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin’ fer followers.', '“We’ve come ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potter’s safe.”“You have his key, sir?”“Got it here somewhere,” said Hagrid, and he started emptying his pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblin’s book of numbers.', 'I hate them Gringotts carts.” He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam Malkin’s shop alone, feeling nervous.Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve.“Hogwarts, dear?” she said, when Harry started to speak.', 'Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, you’ll be just fine.', 'He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig.', 'The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldn’t even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'It looked very solid.He started to walk toward it.', 'He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door.', '“They’re not really frogs, are they?” He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him.“No,” said Ron.', 'You can start collecting.”Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.“Help yourself,” said Harry.', 'He was starting to get a prickle of fear every time You-Know-Who was mentioned.', '“The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses.', '“The Sorting Ceremony’s about to start.”Professor McGonagall had returned.', 'Perhaps it was Harry’s imagination, after all he’d heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot.He was starting to feel definitely sick now.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.”On Harry’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons (“I do hope they start right away, there’s so much to learn, I’m particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it’s supposed to be very difficult —”; “You’ll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing — ”).Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again.', 'I have a few start-of-term notices to give you.“First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils.', 'They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.', 'At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry’s name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.Professor McGonagall was again different.', 'They were all very impressed and couldn’t wait to get started, but soon realized they weren’t going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.', 'After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn it into a needle.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'There was so much to learn that even people like Ron didn’t have much of a head start.Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron.', 'Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.', 'Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn’t a dunderhead.“Potter!” said Snape suddenly.', '“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', 'Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', 'Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday — and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together.“Typical,” said Harry darkly.', 'Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', 'He didn’t have a clue what was going on, but he didn’t seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to his legs.“He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive,” Professor McGonagall told Wood.', '“Wood told me.”Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.“I start training next week,” said Harry.', '“And what do you mean, you’re my second?”“Well, a second’s there to take over if you die,” said Ron casually, getting started at last on his cold pie.', 'Harry took out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.', 'Even better, Professor Flitwick announced in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they’d seen him make Neville’s toad zoom around the classroom.', 'Harry caught a glimpse of her face — and was startled to see that she was in tears.“I think she heard you.”“So?” said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.', 'The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll’s neck from behind.', 'It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets.“Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this,” said Professor McGonagall.', 'His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again.No one could wait for the holidays to start.', 'And then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows.Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random.', '“It’d be safe to ask them.”“Very safe, as they’re both dentists,” said Hermione.Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think much about Flamel.', 'They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work.Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.', 'Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn’t be.He had to start somewhere.', 'just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.“It’s here — just here — yes!”They pushed the door open.', 'He started having nightmares.', 'Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.“You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.', 'Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks.', 'Harry had even less time than the other two, because Quidditch practice had started again.Wood was working the team harder than ever.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', 'Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell’s stutter.Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer’s Stone.', 'She had started drawing up study schedules and color coding all her notes.', 'They’re very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I don’t know what’s gotten into me.…”Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as Hermione.', 'Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and Ron, too.', 'A lamp flared.Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.“Detention!” she shouted.', 'And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most hated.', 'He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test.', 'That’ll take a lot of explaining.”Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t.“If we just do a bit of poking around —”“No,” said Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.”He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table.', 'Hurry up, I want ter get started.”Harry’s heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldn’t be so bad.', 'Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them,” he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” said Hagrid fiercely.', 'They were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped.“Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used for?”“No,” said Harry, startled by the odd question.', 'She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles.', '“Yes…look…”A white pawn had moved forward two squares.Ron started to direct the black pieces.', 'I suggest you make a start on these sweets.', 'A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.']	{'a. 酸的, 辛辣的, 尖酸的\nvt. 妖艳打扮\nn. 果馅饼, 妓女', 'tart', 'tɑ:t', 'n. a small open pie with a fruit filling\nn. a pastry cup with a filling of fruit or custard and no top crust'}
algae	[]	"{'n primitive chlorophyll-containing mainly aquatic eukaryotic organisms lacking true stems and roots and leaves', 'pl. 藻类, 海藻\n[化] 藻类', 'algae', ""'ælgi:""}"
pier	['About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke.“Hmmm,” said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.', 'The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to become.“Tricky customer, eh?', 'My Great Uncle Algie kept trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me — he pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned — but nothing happened until I was eight.', 'Why aren’t you in your dormitory?”Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look.', 'He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!', 'He couldn’t ever remember feeling happier.', 'It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry — he couldn’t move for fear.Then a pain like he’d never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire.']	{'piә', 'pier', 'n. 码头, 桥墩, 支框, 防波堤\n[医] 桥基, 基牙', 'n. a platform built out from the shore into the water and supported by piles; provides access to ships and boats\nn. (architecture) a vertical supporting structure (as a portion of wall between two doors or windows)\nn. a support for two adjacent bridge spans'}
meringue	['Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go.']	"{'n. sweet topping especially for pies made of beaten egg whites and sugar', 'n. 糕饼, 蛋白甜馅饼, 蛋白甜饼, 蛋白酥皮筒/酥皮卷, 蛋白酥皮\n[化] 蛋糖霜', ""mә'ræŋ"", 'meringue'}"
accidentally	['Great Uncle Algie came round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let go.', 'Your friend Miss Granger accidentally knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch match.']	"{"".æksi'dentli"", 'r without advance planning\nr of a minor or subordinate nature\nr without intention; in an unintentional manner', 'adv. 偶然地, 意外地', 'accidentally'}"
sleepy	['Great Uncle Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad.”On Harry’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons (“I do hope they start right away, there’s so much to learn, I’m particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of course, it’s supposed to be very difficult —”; “You’ll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of thing — ”).Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'He suspected he wouldn’t have lost so badly if Percy hadn’t tried to help him so much.After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because they’d stolen his prefect badge.It had been Harry’s best Christmas day ever.']	"{'s. ready to fall asleep', 'a. 困乏的, 欲睡的', 'sleepy', ""'sli:pi""}"
goblet	['These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets.', 'Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.', 'Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table.']	"{""'gɒblit"", 'goblet', 'n. a drinking glass with a base and stem', 'n. 高脚杯, 酒杯'}"
absurd	['Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.']	"{'absurd', 'n. a situation in which life seems irrational and meaningless\ns. inconsistent with reason or logic or common sense\ns. incongruous; inviting ridicule', 'a. 荒谬的, 不合理的, 可笑的\nn. 荒诞', ""әb'sә:d""}"
turban	"['He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.And now there were only three people left to be sorted.', 'Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'He was wearing Professor Quirrell’s turban, which kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was his destiny.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they weren’t sure they believed this story.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.', 'Harry moved closer.“All right — all right —” he heard Quirrell sob.Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban.', 'Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell’s turban.', 'Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban.', 'The turban fell away.', 'Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry told them what was under Quirrell’s turban, Hermione screamed out loud.“So the Stone’s gone?” said Ron finally.']"	"{'n. a traditional Muslim headdress consisting of a long scarf wrapped around the head', 'turban', 'n. (穆斯林的)头巾', ""'tә:bәn""}"
greasy	['Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.', 'Wherever he was, Filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied, “The Restricted Section?']	"{""'gri:zi"", 'greasy', 'a. 油腻的, 含脂肪多的', 's. containing an unusual amount of grease or oil\ns. smeared or soiled with grease or oil'}"
hooked	['Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.']	"{'a. 钩状的, 有钩的, 用钩针编织的', 'hukt', 'hooked', ""v fasten with a hook\nv rip off; ask an unreasonable price\nv make a piece of needlework by interlocking and looping thread with a hooked needle\nv hit a ball and put a spin on it so that it travels to the left\nv take by theft\nv make off with belongings of others\nv hit with a hook\nv catch with a hook\nv to cause (someone or oneself) to become dependent (on something, especially a narcotic drug)\nv secure with the foot\nv entice and trap\nv approach with an offer of sexual favors\ns curved down like an eagle's beak\ns addicted to a drug\ns having or resembling a hook (especially in the ability to grasp and hold); ""}"
sallow	['Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.']	"{'sallow', ""'sælәu"", 'n. any of several Old World shrubby broad-leaved willows having large catkins; some are important sources for tanbark and charcoal\nv. cause to become sallow\ns. unhealthy looking', 'a. 灰黄色的, 土色的, 气色不好的\nv. (使)成土色\nn. 黄华柳, 黄华柳细枝'}"
ouch	['They were the only things in the room that looked as though they’d never been touched.From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don’t want him in there…I need that room…make him get out...”Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', 'That’s what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh — took care of yer mum an’ dad an’ yer house, even — but it didn’t work on you, an’ that’s why yer famous, Harry.', 'Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', 'Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry’s forehead with a long, white finger.“I’m sorry to say I sold the wand that did it,” he said softly.', 'Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'When it finally shouted, “GRYFFINDOR,” Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it to “MacDougal, Morag.”Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, “SLYTHERIN!”Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself.There weren’t many people left now.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', '“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.', 'The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch.“Hey, Potter, come down!”Oliver Wood had arrived.', 'It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.“The keys in the lock,” Harry muttered.', 'Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words.', 'It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.', 'If she was really there, he’d touch her, their reflections were so close together, but he felt only air – she and the others existed only in the mirror.She was a very pretty woman.', 'It stuck up at the back, just as Harry’s did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.“Mom?” he whispered.', 'In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', 'He reached the door untouched.', '“We’ve got to play our way across the room.”Behind the white pieces they could see another door.“How?” said Hermione nervously.“I think,” said Ron, “we’re going to have to be chessmen.”He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight’s horse.', 'The evil face was now smiling.“How touching…” it hissed.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'When you are older…I know you hate to hear this…when you are ready, you will know.”And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.“But why couldn’t Quirrell touch me?”“Your mother died to save you.', 'Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason.', 'It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good.”Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.']	{'interj. 哎唷(表剧痛)\nn. 扣环, 胸针, 珠宝饰物', 'ouch', 'n. A socket or bezel holding a precious stone; hence, a jewel or\n   ornament worn on the person.', 'autʃ'}
snape	[]	{'', 'n. 斯内普（姓氏, 或地名, 指英国小镇名）', 'v. t. To bevel the end of a timber to fit against an inclined\n   surface.', 'Snape'}
ahem	[]	"{'n the utterance of a sound similar to clearing the throat; intended to get attention, express hesitancy, fill a pause, hide embarrassment, warn a friend, etc.', 'interj. 呃哼', 'ahem', ""ә'hem""}"
watered	['The hall fell silent.“Ahem — just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered.']	"{'a. 洒了水的, 用水的, 搀了水的, 有波纹的, 有光泽的, 滥发的\n[法] 票面额增加而实际价值并未相应增加的', 'v supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams\nv provide with water\nv secrete or form water, as tears or saliva\nv fill with tears\ns (of silk fabric) having a wavelike pattern', 'watered', ""'wɔ:tәd""}"
filch	[]	{'v make off with belongings of others', 'vt. 偷窃, 窃取', 'filch', 'filtʃ'}
caretaker	['And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well.”Dumbledore’s twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins.“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.“Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term.', 'He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.']	"{'caretaker', ""'kєәteikә"", 'n. a custodian who is hired to take care of something (property or a person)\nn. an official who performs the duties of an office temporarily', 'n. 照顾者, 看管者, 看守人\n[法] 看守员, 管理员, 看管人'}"
hooch	[]	{'n. an illicitly distilled (and usually inferior) alcoholic liquor', 'hu:tʃ', 'hooch', 'n. 私酒, 烈酒'}
frowning	['Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.“And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.”Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.“He’s not serious?” he muttered to Percy.“Must be,” said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.', 'All right, Harry, Hermione?”“I shouldn’t be too friendly to them, Hagrid,” said Filch coldly, they’re here to be punished, after all.”“That’s why yer late, is it?” said Hagrid, frowning at Filch.', 'Did you mention Hogwarts at all?”“Mighta come up,” said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.']	{'frowning', 'fraunɪŋ', 'v. 皱眉( frown的现在分词 )', 's. showing displeasure or anger'}
snakelike	['Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles.']	"{'s resembling a serpent in form', 'a. 蛇形的, 蛇般的', ""'sneiklaik"", 'snakelike'}"
doggy	[]	"{'n informal terms for dogs', 'doggy', ""'dɔ^i"", 'n. 小狗儿\na. 时髦的, 装阔气的'}"
balder	[]	"{'balder', ""'bɔ:ldə"", 'a. 秃头的( bald的比较级 ); 明显的; 简单的; 赤裸裸的', 'n. The most beautiful and beloved of the gods; the god of\n   peace; the son of Odin and Freya.'}"
scabby	['Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.']	"{'a. 结痂的, 下贱的\n[医] 痂的, 疥疮的', 's. covered with scabs', 'scabby', ""'skæbi""}"
fluff	['Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'I tell you, that dragon’s the most horrible animal I’ve ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you’d think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit.']	"{'flʌf', ""n. any light downy material\nn. a blunder (especially an actor's forgetting the lines)"", 'n. 软毛, 柔毛, 绒毛, 错误, 无价值的东西\nvi. 起毛, 变松, 出错\nvt. 使起毛, 抖松, 念错', 'fluff'}"
bedtime	['And now, bedtime.']	"{'n. the time you go to bed', ""'bedtaim"", 'bedtime', 'n. 就寝时间'}"
trot	['Off you trot!”The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase.', 'She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.']	{'trɒt', 'trot', 'n. a gait faster than a walk; diagonally opposite legs strike the ground together\nv. run at a moderately swift pace\nv. ride at a trot\nv. cause to trot', 'n. 快步\nvi. 快步走, 小跑\nvt. 使小跑, 策马小跑'}
yawning	['They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.', 'Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.“I’ll never remember this,” Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.', 'Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.“Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning.']	"{'a. 打着呵欠的, 裂着大口的', 'yawning', ""'jɔ:niŋ"", 's. gaping open as if threatening to engulf someone or something\ns. with the mouth wide open indicating boredom or sleepiness'}"
dragging	['They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.']	"{'dragging', 's. marked by a painfully slow and effortful manner', ""'dræ^iŋ"", '[计] 牵引, 慢移动'}"
farther	['They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt.A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him.“Peeves,” Percy whispered to the first years.']	"{'farther', 'a. 更远的, 进一步的\nadv. 更远的, 此外, far的比较级', ""s. more distant in especially space or time\nr. to or at a greater distance in time or space (`farther' is used more frequently than `further' in this physical sense)"", ""'fɑ:ðә""}"
poltergeist	['“A poltergeist.” He raised his voice, “Peeves — show yourself.”A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.“Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?”There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.“Oooooooh!” he said, with an evil cackle.']	"{'n. 吵闹鬼, 捣乱鬼', 'poltergeist', ""'pәultә^aist"", 'n. a ghost that announces its presence with rapping and the creation of disorder'}"
cackle	['“A poltergeist.” He raised his voice, “Peeves — show yourself.”A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered.“Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron?”There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks.“Oooooooh!” he said, with an evil cackle.', 'He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.“Shut up, Peeves — please — you’ll get us thrown out.”Peeves cackled.“Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties?', 'Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.“You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.']	"{'cackle', ""n. the sound made by a hen after laying an egg\nn. a loud laugh suggestive of a hen's cackle\nv. talk or utter in a cackling manner"", 'n. 咯咯声, 高笑声, 饶舌, 闲谈\nvi. 咯咯地叫, 咯咯地笑, 喋喋不休', ""'kækl""}"
dropping	['They all ducked.“Go away, Peeves, or the Baron’ll hear about this, I mean it!” barked Percy.Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville’s head.', 'Harry had gotten used to this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast, circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.Hedwig hadn’t brought Harry anything so far.', 'Ron gasped.“I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione.']	"{'s. coming down freely under the influence of gravity', 'dropping', ""'drɒpiŋ"", 'n. 点滴, 滴下, 落下\n[医] 跛行步态'}"
cozy	['They all scrambled through it — Neville needed a leg up — and found themselves in the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another.', 'While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlie’s work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy.']	"{'s. enjoying or affording comforting warmth and shelter especially in a small space\ns. having or fostering a warm or friendly and informal atmosphere\ns. suggesting connivance', 'cozy', 'a. 舒适的, 安逸的, 惬意的\nn. (茶壶等的)保暖罩, 舒适的座位\nvt. 以假话使安心', ""'kәuzi""}"
spiral	['At the top of a spiral staircase — they were obviously in one of the towers — they found their beds at last: five four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'Come on — I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!”The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that.', 'They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.At last, Norbert was going…going…gone.They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them.']	"{'n. 螺旋形之物, 螺线\na. 螺旋形的, 盘旋的\nvi. 螺旋形下降, 螺旋形上升, 螺旋形行进\nvt. 使螺旋形行进', ""'spairәl"", 'spiral', 'n. a plane curve traced by a point circling about the center but at increasing distances from the center\nn. a continuously accelerating change in the economy\nn. ornament consisting of a curve on a plane that winds around a center with an increasing distance from the center\nn. flying downward in a helical path with a large radius'}"
sweating	"[""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day.""]"	"{'n the process of the sweat glands of the skin secreting a salty fluid\nv excrete perspiration through the pores in the skin', ""'swetiŋ"", 'sweating', '[化] 发汗\n[医] 出汗\n[经] 汗损'}"
lining	['People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.']	"{'n. 衬里, 内层, 衬垫\n[化] 衬里; 衬垫; 衬套; 衬层', 'n. a protective covering that protects an inside surface\nn. providing something with a surface of a different material\nn. the act of attaching an inside lining (to a garment or curtain etc.)', 'lining', ""'lainiŋ""}"
doubled	['People lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled back to pass him in the corridors again, staring.']	{'', 'doubled', 'v. 两倍；加倍努力；快步走（double的过去式和过去分词）', 'v increase twofold\nv hit a two-base hit\nv bend over or curl up, usually with laughter or pain\nv do double duty; serve two purposes or have two functions\nv bridge: make a demand for (a card or suit)\nv make or do or perform again\ns twice as great or many'}
sweeping	['Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.', 'Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up.', 'Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, which surely meant that the Stone was still safe.']	"{'n. 扫除, 垃圾\na. 扫荡的, 彻底的, 广泛的', ""'swi:piŋ"", 'n. the act of cleaning with a broom\ns. taking in or moving over (or as if over) a wide area; often used in combination\ns. ignoring distinctions', 'sweeping'}"
rickety	['Harry wished they wouldn’t, because he was trying to concentrate on finding his way to classes.There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump.']	"{'a. 患佝偻病的, 虚弱的, 摇摆的\n[医] 佝偻病的', 's. inclined to shake as from weakness or defect\ns. affected with, suffering from, or characteristic of rickets', 'rickety', ""'rikәti""}"
politely	['Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.']	"{""pә'laitli"", 'politely', 'adv. 有礼貌地, 文雅地, 客气地', 'r. in a polite manner'}"
tickled	['Then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.']	{'v. （使）发痒( tickle的过去式和过去分词 ); （使）愉快, 逗乐', 'tickled', 'ˈtikld', 'imp. & p. p. of Tickle'}
wastepaper	['He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.']	"{'', 'n. 废纸, 废纸般的东西', 'wastepaper', ""'weist.peipә""}"
pelt	['Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets.', 'So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin’ fer advice.”“But what does a Ministry of Magic do?”“Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there’s still witches an’ wizards up an’ down the country.”“Why?”“Why?', 'He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Harry’s face.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.']	{'n. 投掷, 打击, 快速, 毛皮\nvt. 剥...的皮, 连续投掷, 攻击, 抨击, 拍打\nvi. 投击', 'pelt', 'v. cast, hurl, or throw repeatedly with some missile'}
chalk	['He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'Peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and he swooped out cursing.', 'It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.“Harry Potter…” it whispered.Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn’t move.“See what I have become?” the face said.']	{'tʃɒ:k', 'n. a soft whitish calcite\nn. a pure flat white with little reflectance\nn. a piece of calcite or a similar substance, usually in the shape of a crayon, that is used to write or draw on blackboards or other flat surfaces\nv. write, draw, or trace with chalk', 'n. 粉笔, 白垩\nvt. 用粉笔写, 记录', 'chalk'}
sneak	['Until they were, he couldn’t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food.He’d lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he could remember, ever since he’d been a baby and his parents had died in that car crash.', 'Ron’s were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath them.A voice echoed through the train: “We will be reaching Hogwarts in five minutes’ time.', 'He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner — what was going on?Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off.', 'He’d had it with sneaking around and spying.', 'Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.', '“Useful things…your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when he was here.”“And there’s something else…”“Fire away.”“Quirrell said Snape —”“Professor Snape, Harry.”“Yes, him — Quirrell said he hates me because he hated my father.']	{'sneak', 'sni:k', 'n. a person who is regarded as underhanded and furtive and contemptible\nv. to go stealthily or furtively\nv. put, bring, or take in a secretive or furtive manner', 'vi. 鬼鬼祟祟做事\nvt. 偷偷地做\nn. 鬼鬼祟祟的人, 偷偷摸摸的行为, 帆布胶底运动鞋\na. 暗中进行的'}
conk	[]	{'kɒŋk', 'n. informal term for the nose\nv. hit, especially on the head', 'conk', 'n. 鼻, 头\nvi. 坏掉, 出毛病, 昏迷\nvt. 敲...的头'}
unluckily	['Filch found them trying to force their way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor.']	"{"".ʌn'lʌkili"", 'adv. 不幸地, 偏巧, 偏偏', 'r by bad luck', 'unluckily'}"
whisk	['He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss.', 'He flopped back into his seat, looking depressed.“You know, I think the ends of Scabbers’ whiskers are a bit lighter,” said Harry, trying to take Ron’s mind off houses.', 'Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and she’d whisk off for Filch, who’d appear, wheezing, two seconds later.', 'I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.”And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.Harry didn’t have a clue what was going on.“Why’s Bane so angry?” he asked.', 'Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox — points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers.']	{'n. a mixer incorporating a coil of wires; used for whipping eggs or cream\nn. a small short-handled broom used to brush clothes\nv. move somewhere quickly\nv. move quickly and nimbly', 'hwisk', 'n. 掸, 扫帚, 毛掸子, 搅拌器, 拂\nvt. 扫, 拂, 挥动, 迅速移动, 搅拌\nvi. 飞奔', 'whisk'}
ambition	['The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick.And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves.', 'Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason.']	"{'ambition', ""n. a cherished desire\nn. a strong drive for success\nv. have as one's ambition"", ""æm'biʃәn"", 'n. 野心, 志向'}"
dumpy	['Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.']	"{'a. resembling a garbage dump\ns. short and plump', 'a. 矮胖的, 粗短的', 'dumpy', ""'dʌmpi""}"
sprout	[]	{'spraut', 'sprout', 'n. any new growth of a plant such as a new branch or a bud\nn. a newly grown bud (especially from a germinating seed)\nv. put forth and grow sprouts or shoots', 'n. 芽, 萌芽\nvt. 使发芽, 摘去芽\nvi. 长芽, 抽条'}
emetic	[]	"{'emetic', 'n. 催吐剂\na. 引起呕吐的', 'n. a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting', ""i'metik""}"
uric	[]	"{'a. in or relating to or obtained from urine', 'uric', 'a. 尿的, 取自尿中的\n[医] 尿的', ""'juәrik""}"
squeak	['On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, “Don’t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today!', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry’s name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.Professor McGonagall was again different.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'She hadn’t spoken to either of them since the day Harry’s broomstick had arrived.“Now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual.', 'It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.“Harry, where have you been?” Hermione squeaked.“We won!']	{'n. a short high-pitched noise', 'skwi:k', 'squeak', 'n. 吱吱声, 侥幸\nvi. 吱吱叫, 告密, 侥幸成功\nvt. 以短促尖声发出'}
messing	['“Anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back.', 'He’d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.“Will you stop messing around!” he yelled.']	{'', 'messing', 'v eat in a mess hall\nv make a mess of or create disorder in', 'n. 杂乱, 弄乱（mess的动名词形式）'}
pointy	['By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile.The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell’s lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke.']	"{""'pɒinti"", '', 'pointy', 'a. 尖的'}"
troublesome	['His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they weren’t sure they believed this story.']	"{'troublesome', ""'trʌblsәm"", 'a. 麻烦的, 令人讨厌的', 's. difficult to deal with'}"
zombie	['His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they weren’t sure they believed this story.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.']	"{""'zɔmbi"", 'n. several kinds of rum with fruit juice and usually apricot liqueur', 'zombie', 'n. 蛇神, 起死回生的魔力, 僵尸, 回魂尸, (美)鸡尾酒, 木鸡, 讨厌的家伙\n[计] 僵尸'}"
circling	['Harry had gotten used to this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast, circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and packages onto their laps.Hedwig hadn’t brought Harry anything so far.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.']	"{""'sә:kliŋ"", '[医] 羊利斯特氏菌病', 'circling', 'v travel around something\nv move in circles\nv form a circle around'}"
owlery	['She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls.', 'Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?”“Right,” said Ron.“See you in a minute, I hope …”And Harry let go.', 'Grab brooms from the flying-key room, they’ll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy — go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him.', '“I brought Ron round — that took a while — and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall — he already knew — he just said, ‘Harry’s gone after him, hasn’t he?’ and hurtled off to the third floor.”“D’you think he meant you to do it?” said Ron.']	"{'owlery', 'n. An abode or a haunt of owls.', ""'ajlәri"", 'n. 鸮栖息地'}"
untidy	['It said, in a very untidy scrawl:Dear Harry,I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three?I want to hear all about your first week.', 'He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy.']	"{'a. 不整齐的, 懒散的, 混乱的', 'a. not neat and tidy', "".ʌn'taidi"", 'untidy'}"
scrawl	['It said, in a very untidy scrawl:Dear Harry,I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three?I want to hear all about your first week.', 'It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid.']	{'scrawl', 'skrɒ:l', 'n poor handwriting\nv write carelessly', 'vt. 潦草地写\nvi. 乱写\nn. 潦草的笔迹'}
dislike	['Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.', 'Snape didn’t dislike Harry — he hated him.Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons.']	"{'dislike', 'n. 嫌恶\nvt. 讨厌, 不喜欢', 'n. a feeling of aversion or antipathy\nv. have or feel a dislike or distaste for', ""dis'laik""}"
shimmering	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.']	"{""'ʃɪmərɪŋ"", 'shimmering', 'v shine with a weak or fitful light\nv give off a shimmering reflection, as of silk', 'v. 闪闪发光, 发微光( shimmer的现在分词 )'}"
delicate	['He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.']	"{'a. 细致优雅的, 微妙的, 美味的\n[医] 柔弱的', 'a. exquisitely fine and subtle and pleasing; susceptible to injury\ns. marked by great skill especially in meticulous technique\ns. easily broken or damaged or destroyed\ns. easily hurt', 'delicate', ""'delikәt""}"
creep	['Those silvery eyes were a bit creepy.“Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand.', 'It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harry’s name.“Ah, Yes,” he said softly, “Harry Potter.', 'I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the creeps.The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library.', 'There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes.', 'Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.', 'As for Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her.']	{'n. 爬, 徐行, 蠕动\nvi. 爬, 蔓延, 潜行', 'creep', 'n. someone unpleasantly strange or eccentric\nn. a slow longitudinal movement or deformation\nn. a pen that is fenced so that young animals can enter but adults cannot\nv. grow or spread, often in such a way as to cover (a surface)', 'kri:p'}
bewitching	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.']	"{'a. 迷人的, 令人销魂的', ""bi'witʃiŋ"", 's. capturing interest as if by a spell', 'bewitching'}"
ensnaring	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.']	{'ensnaring', 'v. 诱捕, 使入陷阱, 使入圈套( ensnare的现在分词 )', 'enˈsneərɪŋ', 'v take or catch as if in a snare or trap\nv catch in or as if in a trap'}
brew	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.']	{'bru:', 'n. drink made by steeping and boiling and fermenting rather than distilling\nv. prepare by brewing\nv. sit or let sit in boiling water so as to extract the flavor', 'n. 酿造酒, 酝酿\nv. 酿造, 酝酿', 'brew'}
stopper	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.']	"{'n. (bridge) a playing card with a value sufficiently high to insure taking a trick in a particular suit\nv. close or secure with or as if with a stopper', ""'stɒpә"", 'n. 阻止的人, 木塞, 制止器\nvt. 用塞子塞住, 闭嘴', 'stopper'}"
proving	['Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn’t a dunderhead.“Potter!” said Snape suddenly.', 'Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry’s hand.“I thought you weren’t speaking to us?” said Harry.“Yes, don’t stop now,” said Ron, “it’s doing us so much good.”Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day.', 'But we’re not stupid — we know we’re called Gred and Forge.”“What’s all this noise?”Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving.']	"{""'pru:viŋ"", 'proving', '[计] 验证, 证明\n[医] 药力试验(顺势疗法的名词)', 'v be shown or be found to be\nv establish the validity of something, as by an example, explanation or experiment\nv provide evidence for\nv prove formally; demonstrate by a mathematical, formal proof\nv put to the test, as for its quality, or give experimental use to\nv increase in volume\nv cause to puff up with a leaven\nv take a trial impression of\nv obtain probate of'}"
dunderhead	['I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.…I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death — if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”More silence followed this little speech.', 'Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasn’t a dunderhead.“Potter!” said Snape suddenly.']	"{""n a stupid person; these words are used to express a low opinion of someone's intelligence"", 'dunderhead', ""'dʌndәhed"", 'n. 笨蛋'}"
powdered	['“What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?”Powdered root of what to an infusion of what?', 'Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.']	"{'a. 弄成粉末的, 粉状的\n[医] 粉状的', 's. consisting of fine particles', ""'paudәd"", 'powdered'}"
asphodel	['“What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?”Powdered root of what to an infusion of what?', '“For your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death.']	"{""'æsfәdel"", 'asphodel', 'n. any of various chiefly Mediterranean plants of the genera Asphodeline and Asphodelus having linear leaves and racemes of white or pink or yellow flowers', 'n. 日光兰, 常春花, 水仙'}"
infusion	['“What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?”Powdered root of what to an infusion of what?']	"{'n. 注入, 泡制, 注入物\n[化] 浸渍; 浸泡', ""in'fju:ʒәn"", 'n. a solution obtained by steeping or soaking a substance (usually in water)\nn. the process of extracting certain active properties (as a drug from a plant) by steeping or soaking (usually in water)\nn. (medicine) the passive introduction of a substance (a fluid or drug or electrolyte) into a vein or between tissues (as by gravitational force)\nn. the act of infusing or introducing a certain modifying element or quality', 'infusion'}"
wormwood	['“What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?”Powdered root of what to an infusion of what?', '“For your information, Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death.']	"{'n. any of several low composite herbs of the genera Artemisia or Seriphidium', 'n. 苦艾, 苦恼\n[医] 苦艾', ""'wә:mwud"", 'wormwood'}"
curled	['Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione’s hand had shot into the air.“I don’t know, sir,” said Harry.Snape’s lips curled into a sneer.“Tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything.”He ignored Hermione’s hand.“Let’s try again.', 'He was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer.“Thank goodness you found me!', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?']	{'', 'a. 鬈发的；卷曲的', 'curled', 's. of hair having curls'}
bezoar	['Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?”Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry didn’t have the faintest idea what a bezoar was.', 'A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons.']	"{'n. 粪石, 牛黄\n[医] 粪石', 'bezoar', 'n. A calculous concretion found in the intestines of certain\n   ruminant animals (as the wild goat, the gazelle, and the Peruvian\n   llama) formerly regarded as an unfailing antidote for poison, and a\n   certain remedy for eruptive, pestilential, or putrid diseases. Hence:\n   Any antidote or panacea.', ""'bi:zɒ:""}"
monkshood	['He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.']	"{'monkshood', 'n. [植] 附子之类(毒草),舟形乌头', ""'mʌŋkshjd"", 'n a poisonous herb native to northern Europe having hooded blue-purple flowers; the dried leaves and roots yield aconite'}"
wolfsbane	['He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.']	{'', '[医] 乌头, 山金车', 'wolfsbane', 'n poisonous Eurasian perennial herb with broad rounded leaves and yellow flowers and fibrous rootstock'}
dungeon	['He wouldn’t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing.Filch owned a cat called Mrs. Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch’s.', 'Snape didn’t dislike Harry — he hated him.Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons.', 'He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon.', 'That’s another point you’ve lost for Gryffindor.”This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.“Don’t push it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.”As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’s mind was racing and his spirits were low.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'Worst of all were Professor Snape’s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.“I do feel so sorry,” said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they’re not wanted at home.”He was looking over at Harry as he spoke.', 'Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit Charlie.When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead.', '“What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows.']	"{'n. a dark cell (usually underground) where prisoners can be confined', ""'dʌndʒәn"", 'dungeon', 'n. 地牢'}"
draught	[]	"{'drɑ:ft. dræft', 'draught', 'n. 气流, 草稿, 汇票, 通风, 拉, 牵引\nvt. 起草, 征兵, 选派', ""n a serving of drink (usually alcoholic) drawn from a keg\nn a large and hurried swallow\nn a current of air (usually coming into a chimney or room or vehicle)\nn the depth of a vessel's keel below the surface (especially when loaded)\nn a dose of liquid medicine\nn the act of moving a load by drawing or pulling\nv make a blueprint of""}"
aconite	['As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.']	"{'aconite', 'n. any of various usually poisonous plants of the genus Aconitum having tuberous roots and palmately lobed leaves and blue or white flowers', ""'ækәnait"", 'n. 乌头\n[化] 乌头'}"
weigh	['It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though he’d sunk into a hot bath.The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea.', 'About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.', 'Harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals.“Got it,” said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.The goblin looked at it closely.“That seems to be in order.”“An’ I’ve also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore,” said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.', '“An’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.”Hagrid wouldn’t let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“It says pewter on yer list”), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.', 'He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.', 'Had that been what the thieves were looking for?As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they’d been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he’d had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.']	{'weigh', 'vt. 称...重量, 衡量, 把...压弯, 考虑, 权衡, 起锚\nvi. 称分量, 有意义, 重压, 起锚\nn. 过秤, 称分量', 'wei', 'v. have a certain weight\nv. determine the weight of\nv. to be oppressive or burdensome'}
crush	['Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons.', 'It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon’s car and crushed it into a trash can — but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood.', 'He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.']	{'n. a dense crowd of people\nn. the act of crushing\nv. break into small pieces\nv. humiliate or depress completely', 'n. 压碎, 粉碎, 群众, 迷恋\nvt. 压破, 征服, 塞, 弄皱, 榨出\nvi. 被压碎, 起皱, 挤', 'crush', 'krʌʃ'}
stewed	['He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon.']	{'v be in a huff; be silent or sullen\nv bear a grudge; harbor ill feelings\nv cook slowly and for a long time in liquid\ns cooked in hot water', 'stewed', 'stju:d', 'a. 炖煮的, (非正式)喝醉酒的'}
horned	['He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon.']	{'hɒ:nd', 'a. having a horn or horns or hornlike parts or horns of a particular kind', 'a. 有角的, 角状的', 'horned'}
melt	['Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon’s old private school, Smeltings.', '“The poor toilet’s never had anything as horrible as your head down it — it might be sick.” Then he ran, before Dudley could work out what he’d said.One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figg’s.', 'Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.“Get the mail, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.“Make Harry get it.”“Get the mail, Harry.”“Make Dudley get it.”“Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.”Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'He’d screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn’t have his room back.', 'They heard him banging things with his Smelting stick all the way down the hall.', 'After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.“If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said Griphook.“How often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” Harry asked.“About once every ten years,” said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first he thought it was empty.', '“Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.”Harry woke at five o’clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep.', 'Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus’s cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in people’s shoes.', 'Come on.”And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.The snow still hadn’t melted the next morning.“Want to play chess, Harry?” said Ron.“No.”“Why don’t we go down and visit Hagrid?”“No…you go…”“I know what you’re thinking about, Harry, that mirror.']	{'n. 熔化, 熔化物, 溶解\nv. (使)熔化, (使)溶解, (使)消散, (使)变软', 'melt', 'v. reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state, usually by heating\nv. lose its distinct outline or shape; blend gradually\nv. become less intense and fade away gradually'}
blob	['Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus’s cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in people’s shoes.']	{'n. an indistinct shapeless form', 'blob', 'blɒb', 'n. 一滴, 小斑点\nvt. 溅污'}
sprang	['Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', 'Neville’s legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling.', 'His legs sprang together.', 'At once, the stone sprang to life.', '“What do we have to do?”They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway.', 'Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.“You’re too nosy to live, Potter.', '“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.']	{'spræŋ', 'sprang', 'spring的过去式', 'v move forward by leaps and bounds\nv develop into a distinctive entity\nv spring back; spring away from an impact\nv develop suddenly\nv produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly'}
idiot	['Right, we’re changin’ groups — Neville, you stay with me an’ Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an’ this idiot.', '“I’ll — I’ll fight you!”“Neville, “Ron exploded, “get away from that hole and don’t be an idiot —”“Don’t you call me an idiot!” said Neville.']	"{""'idiәt"", 'n. 白痴, 极蠢之人\n[医] 白痴者, 痴子', 'idiot', 'n. a person of subnormal intelligence'}"
porcupine	['“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.']	"{'n. relatively large rodents with sharp erectile bristles mingled with the fur', 'n. 豪猪', ""'pɒ:kjupain"", 'porcupine'}"
spat	['“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.']	{'n. 蚝卵, 口角, 拍打\nvi. 拍打, 争吵\nspit的过去式和过去分词', 'spat', 'n. a cloth covering (a legging) that covers the instep and ankles\nn. a young oyster or other bivalve\nv. come down like raindrops', 'spæt'}
unfair	['That’s another point you’ve lost for Gryffindor.”This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.“Don’t push it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.”As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’s mind was racing and his spirits were low.']	"{'a. not fair; marked by injustice or partiality or deception', 'a. 不公平的, 不正直的, 不正当的\n[法] 不正直的, 不公平的, 偏颇的', "".ʌn'fєә"", 'unfair'}"
crossbow	['A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks.', 'He was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder.“Abou’ time,” he said.', 'He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire.', '“Were you going to shoot me?”“Can’t be too careful, Ronan,” said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.', 'He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.']	"{'n. a bow fixed transversely on a wooden stock grooved to direct the arrow (quarrel)', ""'krɒsbәu"", 'n. 石弓, 弩', 'crossbow'}"
frantic	['“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', 'A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', '“He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once.”“He’s gone?” said Harry frantically.']	"{'s. excessively agitated; distraught with fear or other violent emotion', 'a. 狂乱的, 疯狂的', ""'fræntik"", 'frantic'}"
booming	['A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks.']	"{""'bu:miŋ"", 'booming', 's. very lively and profitable\ns. used of the voice', 'a. 急速发展的\n[经] 暴涨的, 大受欢迎的'}"
fang	['Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling.', 'He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.', 'It looked as if Norbert’s fangs were poisonous.Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.“It’s not just my hand,” he whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off.']	"{'n. 尖牙, 犬牙\n[医] 牙根, 尖牙, 蛇类毒牙', 'n. a Bantu language spoken in Cameroon\nn. an appendage of insects that is capable of injecting venom; usually evolved from the legs\nn. canine tooth of a carnivorous animal; used to seize and tear its prey\nn. hollow or grooved tooth of a venomous snake; used to inject its poison', ""'fæŋ"", 'fang'}"
struggling	['“Back, Fang.”He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound.There was only one room inside.', 'Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.', 'Ron and Hermione’s cheers echoed around the high chamber.They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand.', 'At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.']	"{'a. 努力的, 奋斗的, 苦斗的', ""'strʌgliŋ"", 's. engaged in a struggle to overcome especially poverty or obscurity', 'struggling'}"
boiling	['Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', 'Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.', 'I’m boiling.”“Can’t, Harry, sorry,” said Hagrid.']	"{'boiling', ""'bɒiliŋ"", 'a. 沸腾的, 激昂的\nadv. 沸腾', 'n. the application of heat to change something from a liquid to a gas\nn. cooking in a liquid that has been brought to a boil\nr. extremely'}"
patchwork	['Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.']	"{'patchwork', ""'pætʃwә:k"", 'n. 拼缝物, 拼凑物', 'n. a theory or argument made up of miscellaneous or incongruous ideas\nn. a quilt made by sewing patches of different materials together\nn. sewing consisting of pieces of different materials sewn together in a pattern'}"
bounded	['Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', 'Had it really once belonged to his father?Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in.']	"{'bounded', 'a. 有界限的', ""'baundid"", 's. having the limits or boundaries established'}"
pouring	['Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked.“This is Ron,” Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.“Another Weasley, eh?” said Hagrid, glancing at Ron’s freckles.']	"{'v cause to run\nv move in large numbers\nv pour out\nv flow in a spurt\nv supply in large amounts or quantities\nv rain heavily\ns flowing profusely', ""'pɔ:riŋ"", 'pouring', '[机] 浇铸, 浇注'}"
shapeless	['I spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers away from the forest.”The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons.']	"{'shapeless', 'a. 无形状的, 不定形的, 破相的, 不象样的, 不匀称的', 's. lacking symmetry or attractive form', ""'ʃeiplis""}"
sometime	['Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him.', 'She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls.', 'Fang rested his head on Harry’s knee and drooled all over his robes.Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch “that old git.”“An’ as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, I’d like ter introduce her to Fang sometime.', 'The seats might be raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes.Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row.', 'Harry didn’t see how he could — yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they’d ever see him alive again.', 'My brain surprises even me sometimes…Now, enough questions.']	"{'a. 以前的, 某一时间的\nadv. 改天, 来日', 'r. at some indefinite or unstated time', ""'sʌmtaim"", 'sometime'}"
weighed	['Had that been what the thieves were looking for?As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets weighed down with rock cakes they’d been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he’d had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.']	{'weighed', 'weid', 'imp. & p. p. of Weigh', 'v. 称…的重量( weigh的过去式和过去分词 ); 重达; 权衡, 考虑; 有…重'}
duel	['Wizard’s duel.', 'Never heard of a wizard’s duel before, I suppose?”“Of course he has,” said Ron, wheeling around.', 'We’ll meet you in the trophy room; that’s always unlocked.”When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.“What is a wizard’s duel?” said Harry.', 'Catching the look on Harry’s face, he added quickly, “But people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards.']	"{'duel', 'n. 决斗, 斗争\nvi. 决斗', ""'dju:әl"", ""n. a prearranged fight with deadly weapons by two people (accompanied by seconds) in order to settle a quarrel over a point of honor\nn. any struggle between two skillful opponents (individuals or groups)\nv. fight a duel, as over one's honor or a woman""}"
groan	['And don’t you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy’s birthday.”Harry groaned.“What did you say?” his aunt snapped through the door.“Nothing, nothing…”Dudley’s birthday — how could he have forgotten?', 'Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.“Stand back,” said Griphook importantly.', 'Ron groaned.A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you’re very nervous.', 'Or at least, they didn’t until they spotted a notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.', 'I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.']	{'n. an utterance expressing pain or disapproval\nv. indicate pain, discomfort, or displeasure', 'groan', 'grәun', 'n. 呻吟, 叹息\nvi. 呻吟, 抱怨, 受压迫\nvt. 呻吟地说'}
boastful	['He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.']	"{'a. 自夸的, 自负的, 喜夸耀的', ""'bәustful"", 's. exhibiting self-importance', 'boastful'}"
narrowly	['He complained loudly about first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping Muggles in helicopters.']	"{'adv. 狭窄地, 严密地, 仔细地, 几乎不, 勉强地, 仅仅', 'narrowly', 'r. in a narrow manner; not allowing for exceptions', ""'nærәuli""}"
glider	['Even Ron would tell anyone who’d listen about the time he’d almost hit a hang glider on Charlie’s old broom.']	"{'glider', ""'glaidә"", 'n. 滑翔员, 滑翔机', 'n. aircraft supported only by the dynamic action of air against its surfaces'}"
grandmother	['Harry had caught Ron prodding Dean’s poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the players move.Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his grandmother had never let him near one.', 'Malfoy’s eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother.']	"{""'grændmʌðә"", 'n the mother of your father or mother', 'n. 祖母, 女祖先', 'grandmother'}"
gloatingly	['Malfoy’s eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother.']	"{'gloatingly', ""ɡ'ləʊtɪŋlɪ"", 'r in a gloating manner', 'adv. 沾沾自喜地'}"
breezy	['It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.']	"{'a. 有微风的, 通风好的, 活泼的', 's. fresh and animated', 'breezy', ""'bri:zi""}"
sloping	['It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.']	"{""'slәjpiŋ"", 'a. 成斜坡的, 倾斜的', 's. having a slanting form or direction', 'sloping'}"
swaying	['It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance.The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground.']	{'v. （使）摇摆, （使）摇动( sway的现在分词 ); 影响、改变…的观点[行动]; 横荡; 晃晃悠悠', 'swaying', 'v move back and forth or sideways\nv move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner\nv win approval or support for\nv cause to move back and forth', 'sweiŋ'}
vibrate	['Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.']	"{'v. shake, quiver, or throb; move back and forth rapidly, usually in an uncontrolled manner', 'vibrate', 'vi. 振动, 颤动, 激动, 摇摆, 踌躇\nvt. 使颤动, 使振动, 使摆动', ""'vaibreit""}"
quaver	['Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville’s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.']	"{""'kweivә"", 'quaver', 'n. a tremulous sound\nv. give off unsteady sounds, alternating in amplitude or frequency', 'vi. 发颤音, 颤抖\nvt. 颤抖地说, 用颤声唱出\nn. 颤抖, 颤声, 八分音符'}"
correcting	['Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville’s voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground.Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.']	{'', '[计] 校正的', 'correcting', 'v make right or correct\nv make reparations or amends for\nv censure severely\nv adjust for\nv punish in order to gain control or enforce obedience\nv go down in value\nv alter or regulate so as to achieve accuracy or conform to a standard\nv treat a defect'}
jumpy	['On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.']	"{'jumpy', ""'dʒʌmpi"", 'a. 跳跃的, 跳动的, 神经质的', 's being in a tense state\na causing or characterized by jolts and irregular movements'}"
wham	[]	{'n. 重打声\nv. 重打', 'wham', 'hwæm', 'v hit hard'}
thud	['Harry saw his scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and —WHAM — a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap.', 'The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.Harry got to his feet.']	{'n. 砰的一声, 重击\nvi. 砰的一声掉下, 嘭的一声', 'thud', 'θʌd', 'v. make a dull sound\nv. strike with a dull sound'}
drift	['Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.', 'Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.“Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning.']	{'drift', 'n. a force that moves something along\nn. the gradual departure from an intended course due to external influences (as a ship or plane)\nn. a process of linguistic change over a period of time\nn. a large mass of material that is heaped up by the wind or by water currents', 'n. 漂流物, 漂流, 动向\nv. (使)漂流'}
lazily	['His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.']	"{'lazily', ""'leizili"", 'r. in a slow and lazy manner', 'adv. 懒洋洋地'}"
bending	['His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.']	"{'[化] 弯曲; 弯曲度', ""'bendiŋ"", 'n. movement that causes the formation of a curve\nn. the act of bending something', 'bending'}"
sooner	['You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.“I suppose you think you’re harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!” she stormed.', 'No sooner had I reached London than it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just left.']	"{'n. (美)(非正式)抢先占有土地者, 抢先而获得不正当利益的人', ""'su:nә"", 'sooner', ""r. comparatives of `soon' or `early'""}"
earshot	['You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'I suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.”But they didn’t.“It’s tonight,” said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot.']	"{'earshot', 'n. the range within which a voice can be heard', ""'iәʃɒt"", 'n. 听力所及之范围, 可听距离'}"
sticking	['All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.', 'You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.']	"{'a. 粘的, 有粘性的\n[计] 坚持性', 'v put, fix, force, or implant\nv stay put (in a certain place); we are not moving to Cincinnati""\nv stick to firmly\nv be or become fixed\nv endure\nv be a devoted follower or supporter\nv be loyal to\nv cover and decorate with objects that pierce the surface\nv fasten with an adhesive material like glue\nv fasten with or as with pins or nails\nv fasten into place by fixing an end or point into something\nv pierce with a thrust using a pointed instrument\nv pierce or penetrate or puncture with something pointed\nv come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation\nv saddle with something disagreeable or disadvantageous\nv be a mystery or bewildering to\ns extending out above or beyond a surface or boundary', ""'stikiŋ"", 'sticking'}"
pansy	[]	"{'pansy', 'n. large-flowered garden plant derived chiefly from the wild pansy of Europe and having velvety petals of various colors', 'n. 圆三色堇\n[化] 三色堇', ""'pænzi""}"
darting	['“Never thought you’d like fat little crybabies, Parvati.”“Look!” said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass.', 'Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!']	{'dɑ:tɪŋ', 'darting', 'v. 投掷, 投射( dart的现在分词 ); 向前冲, 飞奔', 'v move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart\nv run or move very quickly or hastily\nv move with sudden speed'}
snatching	['“Never thought you’d like fat little crybabies, Parvati.”“Look!” said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass.']	{'', 'v to grasp hastily or eagerly\nv to make grasping motions\nv take away to an undisclosed location against their will and usually in order to extract a ransom', 'n. 冲动；抢掠；[印]纸张撕裂', 'snatching'}
nastily	['Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over from here.”“I’ll be back at dawn,” said Filch, “for what’s left of them,” he added nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness.Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.“I’m not going in that forest,” he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in his voice.“Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts,” said Hagrid fiercely.']	"{'r. in a nasty ill-tempered manner', 'adv. 污秽地, 不洁地, 讨厌地', 'nastily', ""'nɑ:stili""}"
hovering	[]	{'', 'hovering', 'n. 停悬；空中悬停', 'v be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action\nv move to and fro\nv hang in the air; fly or be suspended above\nv be suspended in the air, as if in defiance of gravity\nv hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing'}
topmost	['Hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak he called, “Come and get it, Potter!”Harry grabbed his broom.“No!” shouted Hermione Granger.']	"{'a. 最高的, 顶端的', ""'tɒpmәust"", 'topmost', 's. at or nearest to the top'}"
pounding	['Blood was pounding in his ears.', 'His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.But the room was empty.']	"{""'pәundiŋ"", 'n. 重击；重击声', 'n. repeated heavy blows', 'pounding'}"
whoop	['Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo!', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.']	{'n. 大叫, 呐喊, 一点点\nvi. 叫喊, 鸣叫\nvt. 高声说, 唤起', 'whoop', 'n. a loud hooting cry of exultation or excitement\nv. shout, as if with joy or enthusiasm', 'hwu:p'}
javelin	['He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin.']	"{'javelin', 'n. an athletic competition in which a javelin is thrown as far as possible\nn. a spear thrown as a weapon or in competitive field events', ""'dʒævlin"", 'n. 标枪'}"
streaked	['You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.“You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy.Ron snapped.', 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.']	{'s. marked with or as if with stripes or linear discolorations', 'streaked', 'stri:kt', 'a. 有条纹的'}
speechless	['He got to his feet, trembling.“Never — in all my time at Hogwarts —”Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses flashed furiously, “— how dare you — might have broken your neck —”“It wasn’t his fault, Professor —”“Be quiet, Miss Patil —”“But Malfoy —”“That’s enough, Mr. Weasley.', 'Harry was speechless.']	"{'s. temporarily incapable of speaking', ""'spi:tʃlis"", 'speechless', 'a. 不会说话的, 哑的, 说不出话的, 无言的, 非言语所能表达的, (非正式)烂醉的'}"
triumphant	['Potter, follow me, now.”Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she strode toward the castle.']	"{""trai'ʌmfәnt"", 's. experiencing triumph', 'a. 得胜的, 得意洋洋的', 'triumphant'}"
numbly	['Potter, follow me, now.”Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she strode toward the castle.']	"{""'nʌmli"", 'adv. 失去知觉, 麻木', 'numbly', 'r. in a numb manner; without feeling'}"
borrow	['Send us an answer back with Hedwig.HagridHarry borrowed Ron’s quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far.At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him.', 'She opened the door and poked her head inside.“Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?”Wood?', 'Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.“Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’s see…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then some o’ the teachers did enchantments…Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course.', 'Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me.']	"{'vt. 借, 借入, 借用\nvi. 借\n[计] 借位; 借位数', 'v. get temporarily', 'borrow', ""'bɒrәu""}"
cane	['thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.']	{'cane', 'kein', 'n. 手杖, 细长的茎, 藤条\nvt. 以杖击, 以藤编制', 'n. a stick that people can lean on to help them walk\nn. a strong slender often flexible stem as of bamboos, reeds, rattans, or sugar cane\nn. a stiff switch used to hit students as punishment\nv. beat with a cane'}
burly	['thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.']	"{""'bә:li"", 's muscular and heavily built', 'a. 结实的, 粗壮的, 率直的', 'burly'}"
blackboard	['thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.']	"{""'blækbɒ:d"", 'n. sheet of slate; for writing with chalk', 'blackboard', 'n. 黑板'}"
puzzlement	['Wood — I’ve found you a Seeker.”Wood’s expression changed from puzzlement to delight.“Are you serious, Professor?”“Absolutely,” said Professor McGonagall crisply.']	"{'puzzlement', 'n confusion resulting from failure to understand', 'n. 迷惑', ""'pʌzlmәnt""}"
crisply	['Wood — I’ve found you a Seeker.”Wood’s expression changed from puzzlement to delight.“Are you serious, Professor?”“Absolutely,” said Professor McGonagall crisply.']	{'krɪsplɪ', 'r in a well delineated manner', 'adv. 酥脆地, 爽快地', 'crisply'}
clue	['He didn’t have a clue what was going on, but he didn’t seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to his legs.“He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive,” Professor McGonagall told Wood.', 'In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.“It’s either really valuable or really dangerous,” said Ron.“Or both,” said Harry.But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn’t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor.', 'I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.”And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.Harry didn’t have a clue what was going on.“Why’s Bane so angry?” he asked.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	{'klu:', 'n. 线索, 暗示\nvt. 暗示, 提供线索', 'n. evidence that helps to solve a problem\nv. roll into a ball', 'clue'}
speedy	['“Light —speedy — we’ll have to get him a decent broom, Professor — a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, I’d say.”“I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can’t bend the first-year rule.']	"{'a. 快的, 迅速的\n[经] 快的, 迅速的', ""'spi:di"", 's characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed\ns accomplished rapidly and without delay', 'speedy'}"
sternly	['Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn’t look Severus Snape in the face for weeks.…”Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.“I want to hear you’re training hard, Potter, or I may change my mind about punishing you.”Then she suddenly smiled.“Your father would have been proud,” she said.']	"{'adv. 严格地, 严肃地, 严厉地', ""'stә:nli"", 'sternly', 'r. with sternness; in a severe manner'}"
dinnertime	['“He was an excellent Quidditch player himself.”“You’re joking.”It was dinnertime.']	"{'dinnertime', 'n. 正餐时间', 'n. the customary or habitual hour for the evening meal', ""'dɪnərtaɪm""}"
skipping	['You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.”“Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the school.”“Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week.']	"{'skipping', '[计] 跳跃', 'v bypass\nv intentionally fail to attend\nv jump lightly\nv leave suddenly\nv bound off one point after another\nv cause to skip over a surface', ""'skipiŋ""}"
smarmy	[]	"{'smarmy', 'a. 虚情假意的, 爱说奉承话的', ""'smɑ:mi"", 's unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech'}"
flanked	['See you.”Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.“Having a last meal, Potter?']	{'', 'vi. 位于…的侧面', 'flanked', 'imp. & p. p. of Flank'}
coolly	['I can help you there.”He held out his hand to shake Harry’s, but Harry didn’t take it.“I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,” he said coolly.Draco Malfoy didn’t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale cheeks.“I’d be careful if I were you, Potter,” he said slowly.', 'When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?”“You’re a lot braver now that you’re back on the ground and you’ve got your little friends with you,” said Harry coolly.', 'I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.”“Snape was trying to save me?”“Of course,” said Quirrell coolly.']	"{'adv. 沉着, 自若', 'coolly', ""'ku:li"", 'r. in a composed and unconcerned manner'}"
scowl	['You’ll be in trouble before we even get there!”“Scabbers has been fighting, not us,” said Ron, scowling at her.', 'There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.“I’d take you on anytime on my own,” said Malfoy.']	{'v. frown with displeasure', 'n. 愁容, 阴沉脸色\nvi. 皱眉, 绷着脸\nvt. 怒视', 'scowl', 'skaul'}
wheeling	['Never heard of a wizard’s duel before, I suppose?”“Of course he has,” said Ron, wheeling around.']	"{'wheeling', 'n. 旋转；道路的行车鉴定', 'n. a city in the northern panhandle of West Virginia on the Ohio river\nn. propelling something on wheels', ""'hwi:liŋ""}"
sizing	['“I’m his second, who’s yours?”Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.“Crabbe,” he said.']	"{'n. 涂料, 上浆\n[计] 调整大小', 'sizing', 'n any glutinous material used to fill pores in surfaces or to stiffen fabrics\nv cover or stiffen or glaze a porous material with size or sizing (a glutinous substance)\nv sort according to size\nv make to a size; bring to a suitable size', ""'saiziŋ""}"
trophy	['We’ll meet you in the trophy room; that’s always unlocked.”When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.“What is a wizard’s duel?” said Harry.', 'They sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room.Malfoy and Crabbe weren’t there yet.', 'The crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'He was never going to meet you — Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.”Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn’t going to tell her that.“Let’s go.”It wasn’t going to be that simple.']	"{'n. an award for success in war or hunting\nn. something given as a token of victory', 'trophy', 'n. 战利品, 奖品\nvt. 用战利品装饰', ""'trәufi""}"
catching	[]	"{""'kætʃiŋ"", 'a. 易传染的, 有魅力的, 吸引人的', 'catching', 'n. (baseball) playing the position of catcher on a baseball team\nn. becoming infected\ns. (of disease) capable of being transmitted by infection'}"
selfish	['It’s really very selfish of you.”“And it’s really none of your business,” said Harry.“Good-bye,” said Ron.All the same, it wasn’t what you’d call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep (Neville wasn’t back from the hospital wing).']	"{'selfish', 'a. concerned chiefly or only with yourself and your advantage to the exclusion of others', 'a. 自私的, 利己主义的, 自我中心的', ""'selfiʃ""}"
sneering	['On the other hand, Malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness — this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face.']	"{'sneering', ""'sniәriŋ"", 'v express through a scornful smile\nv smile contemptuously\ns expressive of contempt', 'a. 嘲笑的, 轻蔑的'}"
looming	['On the other hand, Malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness — this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face.']	"{'v come into view indistinctly, often threateningly\nv appear very large or occupy a commanding position\nv hang over, as of something threatening, dark, or menacing\nv weave on a loom', 'looming', ""'lu:miŋ"", 'n. 上现蜃景；庞视；幽影'}"
bathrobe	['He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', '“I think we’ll be okay — get off, Neville!” For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry’s bathrobe for the last minute.', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.“Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.“You, too,” said Harry.', 'A lamp flared.Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.“Detention!” she shouted.']	"{""'bɑ:θrәub"", 'bathrobe', 'n. 浴衣', 'n. a loose-fitting robe of towelling; worn after a bath or swim'}"
frown	['Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.“And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.”Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.“He’s not serious?” he muttered to Percy.“Must be,” said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.', 'It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown.“You!” said Ron furiously.', '“We were wondering if you could tell us what’s guarding the Sorcerer’s Stone apart from Fluffy.”Hagrid frowned at him.“O’ course I can’t,“ he said.', 'All right, Harry, Hermione?”“I shouldn’t be too friendly to them, Hagrid,” said Filch coldly, they’re here to be punished, after all.”“That’s why yer late, is it?” said Hagrid, frowning at Filch.', 'Did you mention Hogwarts at all?”“Mighta come up,” said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.']	"{""n. a facial expression of dislike or displeasure\nv. look angry or sullen, wrinkle one's forehead, as if to signal disapproval"", 'n. 皱眉\nvi. 皱眉头\nvt. 皱眉表示', 'fraun', 'frown'}"
interfering	['“Go back to bed!”“I almost told your brother,” Hermione snapped, “Percy — he’s a prefect, he’d put a stop to this.”Harry couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering.“Come on,” he said to Ron.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.']	"{'a. 干涉的, 多管闲事的', 's. intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner', 'interfering', "",intә'fiәriŋ""}"
goose	['She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.“Don’t you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I don’t want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you’ll lose all the points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching Spells.”“Go away.”“All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when you’re on the train home tomorrow, you’re so —”But what they were, they didn’t find out.']	{'n. web-footed long-necked typically gregarious migratory aquatic birds usually larger and less aquatic than ducks\nn. flesh of a goose (domestic or wild)\nv. pinch in the buttocks\nv. prod into action', 'n. 鹅, 雌鹅, 鹅肉, 弯把熨斗\nvt. 与...性交, 突然加大油门, 使生色, 喝倒彩', 'goose', 'gu:s'}
shrilly	['The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was locked out of Gryffindor tower.“Now what am I going to do?” she asked shrilly.“That’s your problem,” said Ron.']	"{'r. in a shrill voice', 'adv. 尖声地, 刺耳地', ""'ʃrili"", 'shrilly'}"
snuffling	['I heard something.”It was a sort of snuffling.“Mrs.']	"{'v sniff or smell inquiringly\nv snuff up mucus through the nose\nv cry or whine with snuffling\ns liable to sniffle', ""'snʌfliŋ"", 'snuffling', 'a. 抽着鼻子的, 虚情假意的'}"
breathed	['Norris?” breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.It wasn’t Mrs. Norris.', 'Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell’s turban.']	{'a. 清音的, 有气的', 'breathed', 'breθt', 's. uttered without voice'}
squinting	['Norris?” breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.It wasn’t Mrs. Norris.', '“Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.', 'Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.', 'Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.“I knew it,” he murmured.', 'Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.']	"{'', ""v cross one's eyes as if in strabismus\nv be cross-eyed; have a squint or strabismus\nv partly close one's eyes, as when hit by direct blinding light\ns having eyes half closed in order to see better"", 'squinting', 'n. 斜视'}"
snout	['The password’s ‘Pig snout’ but it won’t help you now, the Fat Lady’s gone off somewhere.”“How’s your arm?” said Harry.“Fine,” said Neville, showing them.', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', '“Mind you, we did save her.”“She might not have needed saving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with her,” Harry reminded him.They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.“Pig snout,” they said and entered.The common room was packed and noisy.', 'Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.It sneezed.', 'A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.“Isn’t he beautiful?” Hagrid murmured.']	"{""n. a long projecting or anterior elongation of an animal's head; especially the nose\nn. beaklike projection of the anterior part of the head of certain insects such as e.g. weevils"", 'n. 鼻口部, 鼻子, 口吻状物, 烟草', 'snout', 'snaut'}"
scrambling	['“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', '“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?']	{'', 'v to move hurriedly\nv climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling\nv bring into random order\nv stir vigorously\nv make unintelligible', 'n. 混乱；不规则性；攀登；加扰', 'scrambling'}
striped	['“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.']	{'a. 有斑纹的', 'striped', 's. marked or decorated with stripes', 'straipt'}
moonlight	['“Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute.”“Good — well, look, Neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later —”“Don’t leave me!” said Neville, scrambling to his feet, “I don’t want to stay here alone, the Bloody Baron’s been past twice already.”Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville.“If either of you get us caught, I’ll never rest until I’ve learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.”Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned them all forward.They flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows.', 'The crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught them.', 'They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.It was a horrible sight.', 'Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows.', 'Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.“Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?” Harry asked.“Not fast enough,” said Hagrid.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.']	"{'n. the light of the Moon\nv. work a second job, usually after hours', 'n. 月光\na. 有月光的, 月夜的', 'moonlight', ""'mu:nlait""}"
edged	['They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room.', '“We could lock it in.”“Good idea,” said Ron nervously.They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn’t about to come out of it.']	{'edʒd', 's. having a specified kind of border or edge\ns. having a cutting edge or especially an edge or edges as specified; often used in combination', 'edged', 'a. 有某种或几种刃的'}
madly	['Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch’s voice.', 'All three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t see them.“What’s that at its feet?” Hermione whispered.“Looks like a harp,” said Ron.']	"{'madly', 'adv. 发狂地, 精神失常地, 愚蠢地', ""'mædli"", 'r. in an uncontrolled manner\nr. (used as intensives) extremely'}"
mouthed	['He didn’t see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as Seeker next.']	{'', 'imp. & p. p. of Mouth\na. Furnished with a mouth.\na. Having a mouth of a particular kind; using the mouth,\n   speech, or voice in a particular way; -- used only in composition; as,\n   wide-mouthed; hard-mouthed; foul-mouthed; mealy-mouthed.', 'mouthed', 'vt. 装腔作势地说（mouth的过去式与过去分词形式）'}
petrified	['Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified.“Harry, where have you been?” Hermione squeaked.“We won!']	{'ˈpetrɪfaɪd', 'petrified', 'v cause to become stonelike or stiff or dazed and stunned\nv change into stone\nv make rigid and set into a conventional pattern', 'a. 惊呆的; 目瞪口呆的\nv. 使吓呆, 使惊呆; 变僵硬; 使石化(petrify的过去式和过去分词)'}
doorpost	['Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.']	"{'doorpost', ""'dɒ:pәust"", 'n. 门柱', 'n a jamb for a door'}"
tapestry	['Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.']	"{'n. 挂毯, 绒绣\nvt. 用挂毯装饰', 'n. something that resembles a tapestry in its complex pictorial designs\nn. a heavy textile with a woven design; used for curtains and upholstery\nn. a wall hanging of heavy handwoven fabric with pictorial designs', ""'tæpistri"", 'tapestry'}"
stitch	['Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.“Still got yer letter, Harry?” he asked as he counted stitches.Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.“Good,” said Hagrid.', 'Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.I — told — you,” Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, “I — told — you.”“We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,” said Ron, “quickly as possible.”“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Harry.']	{'n. a link or loop or knot made by an implement in knitting, crocheting, embroidery, or sewing\nn. a sharp spasm of pain in the side resulting from running', 'n. 一针, 疼痛, 针法, 碎布条, 针脚\nv. 缝, 缝合, 装订', 'stitch', 'stitʃ'}
doorknob	['They hadn’t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.It was Peeves.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.']	"{'n. 球形门拉手', ""'dɒ:nɒb"", ""n. a knob used to release the catch when opening a door (often called `doorhandle' in Great Britain)"", 'doorknob'}"
saintly	['Naughty, naughty, you’ll get caughty.”“Not if you don’t give us away, Peeves, please.”“Should tell Filch, I should,” said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly.']	"{'s marked by utter benignity; resembling or befitting an angel or saint', ""'seintli"", 'a. 圣洁的', 'saintly'}"
wickedly	['Naughty, naughty, you’ll get caughty.”“Not if you don’t give us away, Peeves, please.”“Should tell Filch, I should,” said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his eyes glittered wickedly.']	"{'adv. 坏透地, 不愉快地, 顽皮地', 'r. in a wicked evil manner', 'wickedly', ""'wɪkɪdlɪ""}"
swipe	['“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!']	{'n. a sweeping stroke or blow\nv. strike with a swiping motion', 'swipe', 'n. 强打, 用力挥击, 尖刻的话, 碰擦, 起重杆\nvt. 强打, 用力挥击, 偷', 'swaip'}
ducking	[]	"{'n. hunting ducks', 'n. 钻入水中, 浸入水中, 湿透', 'ducking', ""'dʌkiŋ""}"
helplessly	['“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!']	{'', 'adv. 无能为力地；无助地', 'helplessly', 'r. in a helpless manner'}
shan	[]	{'n a branch of the Tai languages', 'Shan', 'ʃɑ:n, ʃæn', 'n. 掸人, 掸族（居住在东南亚一带）；掸邦（前缅甸联邦的成员国之一）'}
singsong	['“Quick, tell me.”“Say ‘please.’”“Don’t mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?”“Shan’t say nothing if you don’t say please,” said Peeves in his annoying singsong voice.“All right — please.”“NOTHING!']	"{""'siŋsɒŋ"", 'singsong', 'n. 单调无味, 单调的歌\na. 单调的\nv. 单调地唱', 'n. a regular and monotonous rising and falling intonation\nv. speak, chant, or declaim in a singsong\nv. move as if accompanied by a singsong'}"
tugging	['“I think we’ll be okay — get off, Neville!” For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harry’s bathrobe for the last minute.']	"{'tugging', 'v pull hard\nv strive and make an effort to reach a goal\nv tow (a vessel) with a tug\nv carry with difficulty\nv move by pulling hard\nv pull or strain hard at\nv struggle in opposition', ""'tʌ^iŋ"", '[医] 牵引感\n[经] 拖带'}"
monstrous	['And now they knew why it was forbidden.They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor.', '“We’ve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.”“That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,” said Firenze.']	"{'a. 巨大的, 畸形的, 怪异的\n[法] 巨大的, 异形的, 畸形的:荒诞的', 'monstrous', ""'mɒnstrәs"", 's. abnormally large'}"
saliva	['Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.']	"{""sә'laivә"", 'n. a clear liquid secreted into the mouth by the salivary glands and mucous glands of the mouth; moistens the mouth and starts the digestion of starches', 'n. 唾液, 唾沫, 涎\n[医] 涎, 唾液', 'saliva'}"
slippery	['Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.']	"{""'slipәri"", 'slippery', 'a. 滑的, 光滑的, 靠不住的, 圆滑的, 不稳固的\n[法] 狡猾的, 不可靠的, 不安定的', 'a. causing or tending to cause things to slip or slide\ns. not to be trusted'}"
mistaking	['Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'There was no mistaking that silver beard.Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe.', 'Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.Malfoy had seen the dragon.Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy’s face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.']	{'n putting the wrong interpretation on\nv identify incorrectly\nv to make a mistake or be incorrect', 'mistaking', 'misˈteikɪŋ', 'v. 弄错, 误解( mistake的现在分词 ); 认不出; 误会; 看错'}
thunderous	['Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.']	"{'a. 将要打雷的, 像打雷的', ""'θʌndәrәs"", 'thunderous', 's. extremely ominous'}"
backward	['Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'He stumbled backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once.', 'Half blinded, he staggered backward.', 'It was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.“Harry Potter…” it whispered.Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn’t move.“See what I have become?” the face said.', 'He stumbled backward.“Don’t be a fool,” snarled the face.', '“Better save your own life and join me…or you’ll meet the same end as your parents…They died begging me for mercy…”“LIAR!” Harry shouted suddenly.Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him.']	"{'adv. 向后地, 相反地\na. 向后的, 相反的\n[计] 倒推', 'a. directed or facing toward the back or rear\na. (used of temperament or behavior) marked by a retiring nature\ns. retarded in intellectual development\ns. having made less than normal progress', ""'bækwәd"", 'backward'}"
guarding	"['It’s obviously guarding something.”She stood up, glaring at them.“I hope you’re pleased with yourselves.', 'The dog was guarding something…What had Hagrid said?', 'That’s where he was going when we saw him — he’s after whatever it’s guarding!', 'What’s that dog guarding?”Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question.', 'We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.', 'Who cared what the three headed dog was guarding?', '“The dog must be guarding Flamel’s Sorcerer’s Stone!', ""He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about Quirrell’s ‘hocus pocus’ — I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through —”“So you mean the Stone’s only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?” said Hermione in alarm.“It’ll be gone by next Tuesday,” said Ron.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FOURTEENNORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACKQ uirrell, however, must have been braver than they’d thought."", '“And we know what that dog’s guarding, it’s a Sorcerer’s St—”“Shhhh!” Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.', '“Don’ go shoutin’ about it, what’s the matter with yeh?”“There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact,” said Harry, “about what’s guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy —”“SHHHH!” said Hagrid again.', '“We were wondering if you could tell us what’s guarding the Sorcerer’s Stone apart from Fluffy.”Hagrid frowned at him.“O’ course I can’t,“ he said.', '“We only wondered who had done the guarding, really.” Hermione went on.', 'With an unpleasant jolt of the heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards’ bank.', 'Scurrying around the school on Halloween like that, for all I knew you’d seen me coming to look at what was guarding the Stone.”“You let the troll in?”“Certainly.']"	"{""'^ɑ:diŋ"", 'v to keep watch over\nv watch over or shield from danger or harm; protect\nv protect against a challenge or attack\nv take precautions in order to avoid some unwanted consequence', '[计] 保险', 'guarding'}"
dragged	['“You’d think we dragged her along, wouldn’t you.But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed back into bed.', 'It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long.The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside.', '“How about it, Hagrid?”And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him.The following week dragged by.', '“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.', 'The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown.“Had to let that happen,” said Ron, looking shaken.', 'She struck Ron hard across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor — Hermione screamed but stayed on her square — the white queen dragged Ron to one side.']	{'', 'v. 制动；拖动；打滑；松懈', 'dragged', 'v pull, as against a resistance\nv draw slowly or heavily\nv force into some kind of situation, condition, or course of action\nv move slowly and as if with great effort\nv to lag or linger behind\nv suck in or take (air)\nv use a computer mouse to move icons on the screen and select commands from a menu\nv walk without lifting the feet\nv search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost\nv persuade to come away from something attractive or interesting\nv proceed for an extended period of time'}
cheerful	"['* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up.“Could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully.He was in a very good mood.', ""Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide — except perhaps Hogwarts.It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TENHALLOWEENM alfoy couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful."", 'The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.', '“You could look more cheerful, Harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.”Harry was rubbing his forehead.“I wish I knew what this means!” he burst out angrily.', 'The babble died away.“Another year gone!” Dumbledore said cheerfully.']"	"{'cheerful', 'a. being full of or promoting cheer; having or showing good spirits\ns. pleasantly (even unrealistically) optimistic', 'a. 快活的, 高兴的, 兴高采烈的', ""'tʃiәful""}"
guessing	['In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection.“It’s either really valuable or really dangerous,” said Ron.“Or both,” said Harry.But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn’t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues.Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor.']	"{'n an estimate based on little or no information\nv expect, believe, or suppose\nv put forward, of a guess, in spite of possible refutation\nv judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)\nv guess correctly; solve by guessing', ""'ɡesɪŋ"", 'v. 猜( guess的现在分词 ); （引出令人惊奇或激动的事）你猜; 猜对; 猜中', 'guessing'}"
refusing	['All Neville cared about was never going near the dog again.Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus.']	{'p. pr. & vb. n. of Refuse', 'riˈfju:zɪŋ', 'v. 拒绝, 回绝( refuse的现在分词 ); 推却, 回绝; 拒绝给（所需之物）', 'refusing'}
lateral	[]	"{""'lætәrәl"", 'lateral', 'n. 侧部, 支线, 边音\na. 侧面的, 旁边的', 's. situated at or extending to the side\ns. lying away from the median and sagittal plane of a body'}"
glee	['One thing was certain, there was no television in there.“Storm forecast for tonight!” said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together.', 'Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o’clock for your first training session.Professor McGonagallHarry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.“A Nimbus Two Thousand!” Ron moaned enviously.', '“We can’t go in there at night — there’s all sorts of things in there — werewolves, I heard.”Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry’s robe and made a choking noise.“That’s your problem, isn’t it?” said Filch, his voice cracking with glee.']	{'glee', 'gli:', 'n great merriment\nn malicious satisfaction', 'n. 欢乐, 高兴'}
enviously	['Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o’clock for your first training session.Professor McGonagallHarry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.“A Nimbus Two Thousand!” Ron moaned enviously.']	"{""'enviәsli"", 'adv. 羡慕地', 'r. with jealousy; in an envious manner', 'enviously'}"
barred	['“I’ve never even touched one.”They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.']	{'s. marked with stripes or bands', 'barred', 'a. 上了闩的, 划出线条的, 受阻的, 被禁止的\n[计] 遮断式的', 'bɑ:d'}
jealousy	['Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.']	"{""'dʒelәsi"", 'jealousy', 'n. a feeling of jealous envy (especially of a rival)\nn. zealous vigilance', 'n. 妒忌, 猜忌, 羡慕\n[法] 妒忌, 嫉妒, 猜忌'}"
spite	['Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.']	{'n. 恶意, 怨恨, 使人烦恼的事物\nvt. 故意刁难, 欺侮', 'n feeling a need to see others suffer\nn malevolence by virtue of being malicious or spiteful or nasty\nv hurt the feelings of', 'spait', 'spite'}
comet	[]	"{'n. 彗星', ""'kɒmit"", 'comet', 'n. (astronomy) a relatively small extraterrestrial body consisting of a frozen mass that travels around the sun in a highly elliptical orbit'}"
sixty	['Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).“See?” said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.', '“He’s not exactly recent if he’s six hundred and sixty-five, is he?”The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what they’d do with a Sorcerer’s Stone if they had one.', '“…for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house sixty points.”The din was deafening.']	"{'n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and six\ns. being ten more than fifty', 'sixty', ""'siksti"", 'num. 六十, 六十个'}"
flashy	['“Comets look flashy, but they’re not in the same league as the Nimbus.”“What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn’t afford half the handle,” Malfoy snapped back.']	"{'a. 闪光的, 一瞬间的, 浮华的', 's. (used especially of clothes) marked by conspicuous display', 'flashy', ""'flæʃi""}"
twig	['It was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles.“Stick out your right hand over your broom,” called Madam Hooch at the front, “and say ‘Up!’”“UP” everyone shouted.Harry’s broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few that did.', '“I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.”Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy’s elbow.“Not arguing, I hope, boys?” he squeaked.“Potter’s been sent a broomstick, Professor,” said Malfoy quickly.“Yes, yes, that’s right,” said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.', 'Harry’s seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.']	{'v. branch out in a twiglike manner', 'n. 小枝, 细枝\nv. 懂得, 了解', 'twig'}
smothering	['“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.']	{'', 's. causing difficulty in breathing especially through lack of fresh air and presence of heat', 'smothering', 'n. 窒息'}
disapprovingly	['Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry’s hand.“I thought you weren’t speaking to us?” said Harry.“Yes, don’t stop now,” said Ron, “it’s doing us so much good.”Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day.']	"{'disapprovingly', "".disә'pru:viŋli"", 'adv. 不以为然地, 不赞成地, 非难地', 'r. showing disapproval'}"
dusk	['Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.']	{'v. become dusk', 'dʌsk', 'dusk', 'n. 薄暮, 傍晚, 黄昏\na. 微暗的\nv. (使)微暗'}
crate	['He was carrying a large wooden crate under his arm.', 'I’m just going to teach you the rules this evening, then you’ll be joining team practice three times a week.”He opened the crate.', 'Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.', 'And you don’t have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers —”“— unless they crack my head open.”“Don’t worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers — I mean, they’re like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.”Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.', 'He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.“We won’t practice with the Snitch yet,” said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, “it’s too dark, we might lose it.', 'He had been down at Hagrid’s hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate.“It bit me!” he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a bloody handkerchief.', 'Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.“He’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” said Hagrid in a muffled voice.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', '“Mommy will never forget you!”How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew.', 'UP another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier.“Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.', 'I could sing!”“Don’t,” Harry advised her.Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate.']	{'n. 板条箱, 装货箱\n[建] 篓, 筐', 'crate', 'kreit', 'n. a rugged box (usually made of wood); used for shipping\nn. the quantity contained in a crate\nv. put into a crate; as for protection'}
straining	['Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.“Stand back,” Wood warned Harry.', '“Right, follow me, but careful, now.”They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.']	"{'straining', 'n an intense or violent exertion\nn the act of distorting something so it seems to mean something it was not intended to mean\nv to exert much effort or energy\nv test the limits of\nv use to the utmost; exert vigorously or to full capacity\nv separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements\nv cause to be tense and uneasy or nervous or anxious\nv become stretched or tense or taut\nv remove by passing through a filter\nv rub through a strainer or process in an electric blender\nv alter the shape of (something) by stress\ns taxing to the utmost; testing powers of endurance', ""'streiniŋ"", '[医] 应变; 使劲, 用力; 滤过'}"
freed	['He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Harry’s face.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.']	{'', 'a. 释放的', 'v grant freedom to; free from confinement\nv relieve from\nv remove or force out from a position\nv grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to\nv make (information) available for publication\nv free from obligations or duties\nv free or remove obstruction from\nv let off the hook\nv part with a possession or right\nv release (gas or energy) as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition\nv make (assets) available', 'freed'}
forcing	['Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.']	"{'n. 强迫, 培育, 夺取, 施加压力\na. 强迫的, 促成(植物早熟)的, 施加压力的\n[计] 强制的, 强迫的', 'v to cause to do through pressure or necessity, by physical, moral or intellectual means :""She forced him to take a job in the city""\nv urge or force (a person) to an action; constrain or motivate\nv move with force, ""He pushed the table into a corner""\nv impose urgently, importunately, or inexorably\nv squeeze like a wedge into a tight space\nv force into or from an action or state, either physically or metaphorically\nv cause to move by pulling\nv do forcibly; exert force\nv take by force', ""'fɔ:siŋ"", 'forcing'}"
strapping	['Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.']	"{'a. 魁伟的, 巨大的\nn. 绑扎法, 裹伤胶带, 鞭打', ""'stræpiŋ"", 'strapping', 'v tie with a strap\nv beat severely with a whip or rod\nv sharpen with a strap\nv secure (a sprained joint) with a strap\ns muscular and heavily built'}"
reeled	['So — think you’ve got all that?”“Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team,” Harry reeled off.“Very good,” said Wood.“Er — have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?” Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand.“Never at Hogwarts.']	{'reeled', 'imp. & p. p. of Reel', 'v. 把东西用卷轴卷起来, 从卷轴上放出来( reel的过去式和过去分词 ); 感到震惊; 发昏; 似乎在不停旋转', 'ri:ld'}
offhand	['So — think you’ve got all that?”“Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team,” Harry reeled off.“Very good,” said Wood.“Er — have the Bludgers ever killed anyone?” Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand.“Never at Hogwarts.']	"{'s. casually thoughtless or inconsiderate\nr. without previous thought or preparation\nr. in a casually inconsiderate manner', 'a. 即时的, 即席的, 无准备的, 随便的, 简慢的, 不友好的\nadv. 即时地, 即席地, 随便地', 'offhand', ""'ɒf'hænd""}"
fluttering	['It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.“This,” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the most important ball of the lot.', 'Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the crowd.', 'Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!', 'It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.']	{'fluttering', 'ˈflʌtərɪŋ', 'n the motion made by flapping up and down\nv move along rapidly and lightly; skim or dart\nv move back and forth very rapidly\nv flap the wings rapidly or fly with flapping movements\nv beat rapidly\nv wink briefly', 'v. 飘动( flutter的现在分词 ); （心）快速跳动; 振翼, 拍翅膀'}
snitch	[]	{'snitʃ', 'vt. 偷, 扒(不太值钱的东西)\nvi. 进行小偷小摸, 告密, 告发\nn. 告密者, 告发者', 'snitch', 'n someone acting as an informer or decoy for the police\nv take by theft\nv give away information about somebody'}
weave	['You’ve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other team’s Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win.']	{'weave', 'wi:v', 'n. pattern of weaving or structure of a fabric\nv. interlace by or as if by weaving\nv. create a piece of cloth by interlacing strands of fabric, such as wool or cotton\nv. to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course', 'n. 编法, 织法, 编织式样\nvt. 编织, 组合, 编排, 使迂回前进\nvi. 纺织, 迂回行进'}
shutting	['He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem.“We won’t practice with the Snitch yet,” said Wood, carefully shutting it back inside the crate, “it’s too dark, we might lose it.', '“Let’s find an empty room, you wait ’til you hear this....”He made sure Peeves wasn’t inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what he’d seen and heard.“So we were right, it is the Sorcerer’s Stone, and Snape’s trying to force Quirrell to help him get it.']	{'shutting', '', 'n. [轻工业]闭锁', 'n. the act of closing something'}
skyward	['Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop.', '“Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.', 'He looked skyward.']	"{'skyward', 'adv. 向着天空, 向上\na. 向着天空的, 向上的', 'r. toward the sky', ""'skaiwәd""}"
impatient	['I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.”Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.“Oh yes, I’ve celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently.', 'Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it — Harry had to put it out with his hat.Ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck.“Wingardium Leviosa!” he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.“You’re saying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione snap.', 'Anythin’ unusual?”“Mars is bright tonight,” Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently.', 'Somehow — incredibly — he’d gotten the Stone.“Well?” said Quirrell impatiently.']	"{'a. 不耐烦的, 着急的, 急切的', ""a. restless or short-tempered under delay or opposition\ns. (usually followed by `to') full of eagerness"", ""im'peiʃәnt"", 'impatient'}"
patron	[]	"{'n. 赞助人, 顾客, 保护人\n[法] 保护人, 庇护人, 赞助人', 'patron', 'n. a regular customer\nn. the proprietor of an inn\nn. someone who supports or champions something', ""'peitrәn""}"
windmill	['Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it — Harry had to put it out with his hat.Ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck.“Wingardium Leviosa!” he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill.“You’re saying it wrong,” Harry heard Hermione snap.']	"{""'windmil"", 'windmill', 'n. a mill that is powered by the wind\nn. generator that extracts usable energy from winds', 'n. 风车'}"
gown	['“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.']	"{'gown', 'gaun', 'n. 睡衣, 法衣, 大学全体师生\nvt. 使穿睡衣', ""n. a woman's dress, usually with a close-fitting bodice and a long flared skirt, often worn on formal occasions\nn. the members of a university as distinguished from the other residents of the town in which the university is located\nn. protective garment worn by surgeons during operations\nn. outerwear consisting of a long flowing garment used for official or ceremonial occasions""}"
glimpse	['Harry caught a glimpse of her face — and was startled to see that she was in tears.“I think she heard you.”“So?” said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.']	{'n. 一瞥, 一闪\nvi. 投以一瞥, 闪烁不定\nvt. 瞥见', 'glimps', 'glimpse', 'n. a brief or incomplete view\nn. a vague indication\nv. catch a glimpse of or see briefly'}
uncomfortable	['Harry caught a glimpse of her face — and was startled to see that she was in tears.“I think she heard you.”“So?” said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.']	"{'a. 不舒服的, 不自在的, 不安的', 'uncomfortable', 'a. conducive to or feeling mental discomfort\na. providing or experiencing physical discomfort', "".ʌn'kʌmfәtәbl""}"
feast	['I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here.”Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.“Oh yes, I’ve celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently.', 'On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was crying in the girls’ bathroom and wanted to be left alone.', 'The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.', 'Students are finishing the feast in their houses.”Hermione left.Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.“Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll.', '“Listen, you’ve got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.', 'I can, can’t I?”“Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,” she said stiffly, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn’t realize how risky feasts could be.', 'Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father.“Sent owls off ter all yer parents’ old school friends, askin’ fer photos…knew yeh didn’ have any…d’yeh like it?”Harry couldn’t speak, but Hagrid understood.Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night.', '“And I must trouble you with an old man’s wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast.']	{'fi:st', 'feast', 'n. 宴会, 酒席, 享受, 节日\nvt. 款待, 享乐, 请客\nvi. 参加宴会, 尽情地吃, 享受', 'n. something experienced with great delight\nv. partake in a feast or banquet\nv. provide a feast or banquet for'}
awkward	['Hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly off the spindly chair.An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop.“Hello,” said Harry awkwardly.“Ah yes,” said the man.', 'Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.']	"{'a. 笨拙的, 棘手的', 'awkward', 's. causing inconvenience\na. lacking grace or skill in manner or movement or performance\ns. difficult to handle or manage especially because of shape\ns. not elegant or graceful in expression', ""'ɒ:kwәd""}"
stutter	['Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.', 'Harry couldn’t make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever.', 'Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell’s stutter.Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer’s Stone.', 'Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?”Harry couldn’t take it in.']	"{'stutter', ""'stʌtә"", 'n a speech disorder involving hesitations and involuntary repetitions of certain sounds\nv speak haltingly', 'n. 口吃, 结结巴巴\nv. 结结巴巴地说'}"
askew	['The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.', 'Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.']	"{'a. 歪斜的\nadv. 歪斜地', 's. turned or twisted toward one side\nr. turned or twisted to one side', ""ә'skju:"", 'askew'}"
uproar	['Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.']	"{'n a state of commotion and noise and confusion\nn loud confused noise from many sources', ""'ʌprɒ:"", 'uproar', 'n. 骚动, 喧嚣'}"
deserted	['“But Percy’d better not see us.”Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom.']	"{'deserted', ""di'zә:tid"", 'v leave someone who needs or counts on you; leave in the lurch\nv desert (a cause, a country or an army), often in order to join the opposing cause, country, or army\nv leave behind\ns forsaken by owner or inhabitants', 'a. 被遗弃的, 废弃的\n[法] 被遗弃的, 无人的, 放弃的'}"
fading	['“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again.']	"{""'feidiŋ"", '[计] 衰落\n[化] 褪色', 'fading', 'n weakening in force or intensity\nv become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly\nv lose freshness, vigor, or vitality\nv disappear gradually\nv become feeble'}"
stench	['“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.']	{'stench', 'n. 恶臭, 臭气\nv. (使)发恶臭', 'n a distinctive odor that is offensively unpleasant', 'stentʃ'}
grunting	['“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.']	"{'v issue a grunting, low, animal-like noise', 'a. 呼噜的, 咕哝的\n[医] 嗯嗯声', ""'^rʌntiŋ"", 'grunting'}"
granite	['Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut.']	"{""'grænit"", 'n. 花岗岩\n[化] 花岗岩', 'n. plutonic igneous rock having visibly crystalline texture; generally composed of feldspar and mica and quartz\nn. something having the quality of granite (unyielding firmness)', 'granite'}"
horny	['It had short legs thick as tree trunks with flat, horny feet.']	"{'horny', ""'hɒ:ni"", 's. having horns or hornlike projections', 'a. 角的, 似角一样坚硬的, 角质的, 老茧的\n[医] 角性的, 角的'}"
praying	['“We could lock it in.”“Good idea,” said Ron nervously.They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn’t about to come out of it.']	{'praying', 'v. 祈祷, 祷告( pray的现在分词 ); <文或旧>请求, 恳求', 'preiŋ', 'v address a deity, a prophet, a saint or an object of worship; say a prayer\nv call upon in supplication; entreat'}
slam	['It didn’t so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.', 'Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.', 'Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.“Potter, this is Oliver Wood.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', 'He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table.“Dragons!” he whispered.']	{'slæm', 'n. winning all or all but one of the tricks in bridge\nn. the noise made by the forceful impact of two objects\nn. a forceful impact that makes a loud noise\nv. close violently', 'n. 砰然声, 猛然, 猛烈的抨击\nvt. 猛然关上, 砰地关上, 猛烈抨击\nvi. 砰地关上, 猛攻', 'slam'}
chained	['With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?']	{'s. bound with chains', 'chained', 'a. 装链的；链接的', 'tʃeind'}
fumbling	['Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic.']	"{""v feel about uncertainly or blindly\nv make one's way clumsily or blindly\nv handle clumsily\nv make a mess of, destroy or ruin\nv drop or juggle or fail to play cleanly a grounder\ns showing lack of skill or aptitude"", 'fumbling', 'v. （笨拙地）摸索或处理（某事物）( fumble的现在分词 ); 乱摸, 笨拙地弄; 使落下', 'ˈfʌmblɪŋ'}"
shrinking	['Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint.']	{'', '[医] 皱缩', 'n. process or result of becoming less or smaller\nn. the act of becoming less', 'shrinking'}
advancing	['The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.']	"{'[计] 导前\n[医] 进行的', 's. moving forward', 'advancing', ""æd'vɑ:nsiŋ""}"
confuse	['After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', 'As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Ron’s arm.“I’ve just thought — Hermione.”“What about her?”“She doesn’t know about the troll.”Ron bit his lip.“Oh, all right,” he snapped.']	"{'v. mistake one thing for another\nv. be confusing or perplexing to; cause to be unable to think clearly\nv. cause to feel embarrassment\nv. make unclear, indistinct, or blurred', 'confuse', 'vt. 使混乱, 使狼狈, 使困惑\n[法] 混淆', ""kәn'fju:z""}"
desperately	['The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.', 'Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.', '“I’m ready!”Harry turned to Hermione.“Do something,” he said desperately.Hermione stepped forward.“Neville,” she said, “I’m really, really sorry about this.”She raised her wand.“Petrificus Totalus!” she cried, pointing it at Neville.Neville’s arms snapped to his sides.', '“Look in the mirror and tell me what you see.”Harry walked toward him.I must lie, he thought desperately.']	"{'r. in intense despair', 'desperately', 'adv. 拼命地；绝望地；极度地', ""'despәrәtli""}"
seizing	['The troll was advancing on her, knocking the sinks off the walls as it went.“Confuse it!” Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he could against the wall.The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.']	"{'n. small stuff that is used for lashing two or more ropes together', 'seizing', ""'si:ziŋ"", 'n. 抓, 夺, 捆绑'}"
stupidly	['Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.', 'It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise.']	"{'adv. 愚蠢地', 'r. in a stupid manner', ""'stju:pidli"", 'stupidly'}"
lifting	['It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.“Oy, pea-brain!” yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it.']	"{'[化] 吊装; 提升', ""'liftiŋ"", ""v raise from a lower to a higher position\nv take hold of something and move it to a different location\nv move upwards\nv move upward\nv make audible\nv cancel officially\nv make off with belongings of others\nv raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help\nv invigorate or heighten\nv raise in rank or condition\nv take off or away by decreasing\nv rise up\nv pay off (a mortgage)\nv take without referencing from someone else's writing or speech; of intellectual property\nv take illegally\nv fly people or goods to or from places not accessible by other means\nv take (root crops) out of the ground\nv call to stop the hunt or to retire, as of hunting dogs\nv rise upward, as from pressure or moisture\nv put an end to\nv remove (hair) by scalping\nv remove from a seedbed or from a nursery\nv remove from a surface\nv perform cosmetic surgery on someone's face"", 'lifting'}"
yell	['He yelled at five different people.', 'In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', 'He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', 'Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:Mr. H. PotterThe Cupboard under the Stairs4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurreyThe envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink.', 'He handed Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope.Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard.“Marge’s ill,” he informed Aunt Petunia.', '“I have burned it.”“It was not a mistake,” said Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.”“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling.', 'I FORBID YOU!” yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror.“Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,” said Hagrid.', 'An’ I reckon it’s abou’ time yeh read yer letter.”Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea.', 'He’ll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a change, an’ he’ll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had Albus Dumbled—”“I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!” yelled Uncle Vernon.But he had finally gone too far.', 'Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.“Still got yer letter, Harry?” he asked as he counted stitches.Harry took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.“Good,” said Hagrid.', 'He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', '“I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didn’t work.', 'Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.“Heads down!” yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.', 'Percy the Prefect got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter!', 'She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.“Well, what are you all waiting for?” she barked.', 'Everyone stopped talking to watch.Malfoy smiled nastily.“I think I’ll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?”“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick and taken off.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its club as it went.“Oy, pea-brain!” yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it.', 'The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref!', '“I’m sure it is — try it on.”Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.“It is!', 'He didn’t feel like sharing it with anyone else yet.“Merry Christmas!”“Hey, look — Harry’s got a Weasley sweater, too!”Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.“Harry’s is better than ours, though,” said Fred, holding up Harry’s sweater.', 'He’d just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms.“Will you stop messing around!” he yelled.', 'At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.', 'Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off — the pain in Harry’s head was building — he couldn’t see — he could only hear Quirrell’s terrible shrieks and Voldemort’s yells of, “KILL HIM!', 'Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points — exactly the same as Slytherin.', 'Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him.']	{'jel', 'v. utter or declare in a very loud voice', 'yell', 'vi. 叫喊, 大叫, (齐声)呐喊欢呼\nvt. 喊叫着说\nn. 叫声, 喊声, 呐喊'}
shouting	['The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'He wasn’t a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing.']	"{""'ʃajtiŋ"", 'n encouragement in the form of cheers from spectators\nn uttering a loud inarticulate cry as of pain or excitement\nv utter in a loud voice; talk in a loud voice (usually denoting characteristic manner of speaking)\nv utter a sudden loud cry\nv utter aloud; often with surprise, horror, or joy\nv use foul or abusive language towards', 'shouting', 'n. 呼喊, 喊话'}"
berserk	['The troll didn’t even seem to notice the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.“Come on, run, run!” Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she couldn’t move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror.The shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk.']	"{""bә'sә:k"", 'berserk', 'a. 狂暴的, 疯的\nadv. 狂暴地, 疯地', 'n one of the ancient Norse warriors legendary for working themselves into a frenzy before a battle and fighting with reckless savagery and insane fury\ns frenzied as if possessed by a demon'}"
fasten	['One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.', 'It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll’s neck from behind.']	"{'vt. 拴紧, 使固定, 系, 集中于, 强加于\nvi. 扣紧', 'v. cause to be firmly attached\nv. become fixed or fastened\nv. attach to', ""'fɑ:sәn"", 'fasten'}"
clinging	['The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.']	"{'clinging', ""'kliŋiŋ"", 'a. 执着的, 有粘性的', 'v come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation\nv to remain emotionally or intellectually attached\nv hold on tightly or tenaciously'}"
fright	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.', 'Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.”“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.', 'When it bit me he told me off for frightening it.', 'I’m sorry,” Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, “but he’ll have a harder time frightenin’ you, an’ we’ve gotta get this done.”So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.', 'Tried to frighten me — as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side….”Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.“I see the Stone…I’m presenting it to my master…but where is it?”Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn’t give.']	{'fright', 'n. 惊骇, 吃惊\n[医] 惊吓', 'frait', 'n an emotion experienced in anticipation of some specific pain or danger (usually accompanied by a desire to flee or fight)\nv cause fear in'}
sickening	['The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'It was a sickening sight.“Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin,” said Dumbledore.']	"{'v cause aversion in; offend the moral sense of\nv get sick\nv upset and make nauseated\nv make sick or ill\ns causing or able to cause nausea', ""'sikniŋ"", 'a. 引起疾病的, 引起呕吐的, 令人厌恶的, 使人作呕的', 'sickening'}"
swayed	['The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble.Harry got to his feet.', 'His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.Hermione ran to turn him over.']	{'swayed', 'imp. & p. p. of Sway\na. Bent down, and hollow in the back; sway-backed; -- said of\n   a horse.', 'sweid', 'v. （使）摇摆, （使）摇动( sway的过去式和过去分词 ); 影响、改变…的观点[行动]'}
glue	['It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.']	{'n. 胶, 粘性物\nvt. 粘合, 胶合', 'n. cement consisting of a sticky substance that is used as an adhesive\nv. join or attach with or as if with glue\nv. be fixed as if by glue', 'glue', 'glu:'}
trouser	['When he turned his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in his trousers.Uncle Vernon roared.', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', 'Why didn’t I see it before?”“What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn’t answer.Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.“Hullo,” he said, smiling.']	"{'n. (usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately\nn. a garment (or part of a garment) designed for or relating to trousers', 'trouser', 'a. 裤子的', ""'trauzә""}"
racket	['They hadn’t realized what a racket they had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars.', 'Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.“We’ll be lucky ter catch anythin’ now, with the racket you two were makin’.']	"{'racket', 'n. a loud and disturbing noise\nn. an illegal enterprise (such as extortion or fraud or drug peddling or prostitution) carried on for profit\nn. a sports implement (usually consisting of a handle and an oval frame with a tightly interlaced network of strings) used to strike a ball (or shuttlecock) in various games\nv. make loud and annoying noises', 'n. 球拍, 喧闹, 杂乱无章\nvi. 喧闹\nvt. 用球拍打', ""'rækit""}"
whimper	['“I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?”Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.“Take him up to the hospital wing,” Snape spat at Seamus.', 'Quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching his heart.Snape bent over the troll.', 'Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead.']	"{'whimper', 'n. a complaint uttered in a plaintive whining way', ""'hwimpә"", 'n. 抽泣, 呜咽, 啜泣, 哭诉\nvi. 呜咽, 啜泣, 抽噎地哭\nvt. 呜咽着说, 啜泣着说'}"
fury	['Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry’s mind.“What on earth were you thinking of?” said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice.', '“How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?”Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but —“POTTER!”Snape’s face was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quickly to hide his leg.']	"{'fury', 'n. a feeling of intense anger\nn. (classical mythology) the hideous snake-haired monsters (usually three in number) who pursued unpunished criminals', ""'fjuri"", 'n. 愤怒, 狂暴, 狂怒的人\n[医] 狂乱, 狂暴, 狂怒'}"
fetch	['They didn’t have time to come and fetch anyone.']	{'fetʃ', 'fetch', 'n. the action of fetching\nv. be sold for a certain price\nv. take away or remove', 'n. 取得, 拿, 诡计, 魂\nvt. 接来, 取来, 售得, 带来, 推出, 引出, 杀死, 吸引, 到达\nvi. 取物, 前进\n[计] 取'}
tackling	['It was about to finish me off when they arrived.”Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn’t new to them.“Well — in that case ...” said Professor McGonagall, staring at the three of them, “Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?”Hermione hung her head.']	"{'n. 用具, 装备, 套具, 扭住, 抱住, 卷起', ""'tækliŋ"", 'v accept as a challenge\nv put a harness\nv seize and throw down an opponent player, who usually carries the ball', 'tackling'}"
noisy	['“Mind you, we did save her.”“She might not have needed saving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with her,” Harry reminded him.They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.“Pig snout,” they said and entered.The common room was packed and noisy.', '“Wonder what’s wrong with his leg?”“Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly.The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening.']	"{'a. full of or characterized by loud and nonmusical sounds\ns. attracting attention by showiness or bright colors', ""'nɒizi"", 'a. 嘈杂的, 喧闹的\n[机] 噪声的, 嘈杂的', 'noisy'}"
embarrassed	['There was a very embarrassed pause.', '“I might get lucky again.”Hermione’s lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him.“Hermione!”“Harry — you’re a great wizard, you know.”“I’m not as good as you,” said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him.“Me!” said Hermione.']	"{""im'bærәst"", 'a. 尴尬的；窘迫的', 'embarrassed', 's. made to feel uncomfortable because of shame or wounded pride'}"
chilled	['The mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel.']	{'chilled', 'a. 已冷的, 冷硬了的, 冷冻了的\n[建] 冷却了的, 冷凝了的, 淬火迟的', 'tʃild', 'v depress or discourage\nv make cool or cooler\nv loose heat'}
moleskin	['Hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots.The Quidditch season had begun.', 'He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.“Jus’ lookin’,” he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once.']	"{""'mәulskin"", 'moleskin', 'n. a durable cotton fabric with a velvety nap', 'n. 鼹鼠皮, 斜纹棉布, 斜纹棉布裤'}"
relaxed	['She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.']	"{'a. without strain or anxiety', 'a. 松懈的, 不严密的, 不严格的, 放松的, 得到休息的, 随意的, 不拘束的, 自在的', 'relaxed', ""ri'lækst""}"
limping	['Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping.']	{'', '[医] 跛行', 'n disability of walking due to crippling of the legs or feet\nv walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury\nv proceed slowly or with difficulty', 'limping'}
hurting	['“Wonder what’s wrong with his leg?”“Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly.The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening.', '“My scar keeps hurting — it’s happened before, but never as often as this.”“Go to Madam Pomfrey,” Hermione suggested.“I’m not ill,” said Harry.']	{'v. 弄痛( hurt的现在分词 ); 使受伤; 使伤心; 使受皮肉之苦', 'hurting', 'n a symptom of some physical hurt or disorder\nv be the source of pain\nv give trouble or pain to\nv cause emotional anguish or make miserable\nv cause damage or affect negatively\nv hurt the feelings of\nv feel physical pain\nv feel pain or be in pain', 'hə:tɪŋ'}
restless	['She would never let them copy (“How will you learn?”), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right answers anyway.Harry felt restless.']	"{""'restlis"", 's. worried and uneasy\ns. ceaselessly in motion\na. lacking or not affording physical or mental rest', 'restless', 'a. 不安静的, 慌张的, 休息不充分的\n[医] 不安静的, 不宁的'}"
ajar	['He pushed the door ajar and peered inside – and a horrible scene met his eyes.Snape and Filch were inside, alone.', 'A door stood ajar to his left.', 'It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.']	"{'ajar', 's. slightly open', 'a. 微开的, 半开的, 不和谐的\nadv. 微开, 半开, 不协调地', ""ә'dʒɑ:""}"
blasted	[]	"{'a. 枯萎的, 被破坏的, 被咒的', 'blasted', 's. expletives used informally as intensifiers', ""'blæstid""}"
breathlessly	['“What’s the matter?”In a low whisper, Harry told them what he’d seen.“You know what this means?” he finished breathlessly.', 'I’ve waiting for you in the common room, we’re having a party, Fred and George stole some cakes and stuff from the kitchens.”“Never mind that now,” said Harry breathlessly.']	"{'breathlessly', 'r. in a breathless manner', 'adv. 气喘地, 屏息地', ""'breθləslɪ""}"
diversion	['And I’d bet my broomstick he let that troll in, to make a diversion!”Hermione’s eyes were wide.“No — he wouldn’t, she said.']	"{'n. an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates\nn. a turning aside (of your course or attention or concern)\nn. an attack calculated to draw enemy defense away from the point of the principal attack', 'n. 转移\n[医] 转向', 'diversion', ""dai'vә:ʒәn""}"
buzzing	['What’s that dog guarding?”Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question.']	{'', 'v make a buzzing sound\nv fly low\nv be noisy with activity\nv call with a buzzer\ns noisy like the sound of a bee', 'a. 嗡嗡响的, 营营响的\n[电] 发蜂音', 'buzzing'}
snoring	['Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn’t sleep.']	"{""n the act of snoring or producing a snoring sound\nv breathe noisily during one's sleep"", 'snɔ:ɪŋ', 'v. 打呼噜, 打鼾( snore的现在分词 )', 'snoring'}"
fried	['The Great Hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditch match.“You’ve got to eat some breakfast.”“I don’t want anything.”“Just a bit of toast,” wheedled Hermione.“I’m not hungry.”Harry felt terrible.']	{'fried', 'fraid', 'a. 油炸的', 's. cooked by frying in fat'}
locker	['Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'Good luck, all of you.”Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren’t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.Madam Hooch was refereeing.', 'Harry didn’t see how he could — yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they’d ever see him alive again.', '“Don’t nag.”Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.“Don’t want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the Snitch it’s now.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.']	"{'n. 抽屉, 小柜, 上锁人\n[机] 锁柜', 'locker', ""'lɒkә"", 'n. a fastener that locks or closes'}"
chaser	[]	"{'n. a drink to follow immediately after another drink', ""'tʃeisә"", 'n. 猎人, 驱逐舰\n[机] 螺纹钣刀', 'chaser'}"
flint	[]	{'n. a hard kind of stone; a form of silica more opaque than chalcedony\nn. a river in western Georgia that flows generally south to join the Chattahoochee River at the Florida border where they form the Apalachicola River\nn. a city in southeast central Michigan near Detroit; automobile manufacturing', 'n. 打火石, 燧石, 极硬的东西\n[化] 燧石', 'flint'}
belting	['They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.']	"{'belting', 'n. 带料, 带类\n[机] 皮带(传动)装置', ""'beltiŋ"", 'n. the material of which belts are made'}"
spinner	[]	"{'spinner', ""n. someone who spins (who twists fibers into threads)\nn. board game equipment that consists of a dial and an arrow that is spun to determine the next move in the game\nn. fisherman's lure; revolves when drawn through the water"", ""'spinә"", 'n. 纺纱工人, 旋床工人, 纺纱机, 机头罩, 旋转动作, (美)(非正式)卡车司机\n[计] 微调控制项'}"
puce	[]	{'puce', 'n. 紫褐色\na. 紫褐色的', 'pju:s', 'n. a color varying from dark purplish brown to dark red'}
beater	[]	"{'n. a worker who rouses wild game from under cover for a hunter\nn. an implement for beating', ""'bi:tә"", 'n. 打的人, 拍打树丛惊起猎物的人, 搅拌器\n[化] 打浆机', 'beater'}"
nope	[]	{'nәup', 'n. A bullfinch.', 'adv. 不, 不是', 'nope'}
speck	['“Harry hasn’t had much to do yet.”“Kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said Hagrid, raising his binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Snitch.']	{'n. a very small spot\nv. produce specks in or on', 'spek', 'speck', 'n. 斑点, 有斑点的东西, 污点, 缺点, 微粒, 肥肉\nvt. 使有斑点'}
murmur	['He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four.“Good luck, Harry,” he murmured.', 'It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:“I get that all the time.”“I know,” Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn’t sure the snake could hear him.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'A couple of sparks flew out of its snout.“Isn’t he beautiful?” Hagrid murmured.', 'Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.“I knew it,” he murmured.', 'Harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.“Look —” he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.Something bright white was gleaming on the ground.', '“The unicorn’s dead, Hagrid, it’s in that clearing back there.”“This is where I leave you,” Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn.', 'It was the Mirror of Erised.“This mirror is the key to finding the Stone,” Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame.']	"{""v. speak softly or indistinctly\nv. make complaining remarks or noises under one's breath"", ""'mә:mә"", 'n. 低语, 低声的怨言\nvi. 低语, 低声而言\nvt. 低声说', 'murmur'}"
streak	['You leave those brooms where they are or you’ll be out of Hogwarts before you can say ‘Quidditch.’ Come on, dear.”Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.“Did you see his face, the great lump?”The other Slytherins joined in.“Shut up, Malfoy,” snapped Parvati Patil.“Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?” said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced Slytherin girl.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', 'In a great rush of excitement he dived downward after the streak of gold.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.“You’re in luck, Weasley, Potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said Malfoy.Ron snapped.', 'Right, NOW!”Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand.']	{'n. an unbroken series of events\nn. a distinctive characteristic\nn. a sudden flash (as of lightning)\nv. move quickly in a straight line', 'streak', 'n. 条理, 斑纹, 倾向\nvt. 加条纹\nvi. 变成条纹, 飞跑', 'stri:k'}
spurt	['Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!']	{'spә:t', 'v. gush forth in a sudden stream or jet', 'spurt', 'n. 喷射, 冲刺\nvt. 喷射\nvi. 喷出, 迸发, 冲刺'}
spun	['A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below — Marcus Flint had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry’s broom spun off course, Harry holding on for dear life.“Foul!” screamed the Gryffindors.Madam Hooch spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor.']	"{'a. 纺成的\nspin的过去式和过去分词', 'spun', 'spʌn', ""v revolve quickly and repeatedly around one's own axis\nv stream in jets, of liquids\nv cause to spin\nv make up a story\nv form a web by making a thread\nv work natural fibers into a thread\nv twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation\nv prolong or extend""}"
yelling	['But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref!', 'Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points — exactly the same as Slytherin.']	{'n. uttering a loud inarticulate cry as of pain or excitement', 'v. 叫喊, 号叫, 叫着说( yell的现在分词 )', 'yelling', 'jelɪŋ'}
disgusting	['Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul…”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.']	"{'s. highly offensive; arousing aversion or disgust', ""dis'gʌstiŋ"", 'disgusting', 'a. 令人厌恶的'}"
cheating	['Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the air.”Lee Jordan was finding it difficult not to take sides.“So — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating —”“Jordan!” growled Professor McGonagall.“I mean, after that open and revolting foul…”“Jordan, I’m warning you —”“All right, all right.', 'They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anticheating spell.They had practical exams as well.']	"{'cheating', '[经] 行骗', ""'tʃi:tiŋ"", 's. violating accepted standards or rules'}"
spinning	['Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I’m sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession.”It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened.']	"{""'spiniŋ"", 'spinning', 'n. 纺纱\n[化] 纺丝', 'n. creating thread'}"
dangerously	['Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I’m sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession.”It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened.']	{'', 'adv. 危险, 不安全', 'r in a dangerous manner', 'dangerously'}
frightening	['His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.', 'When it bit me he told me off for frightening it.', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.']	"{'frightening', 'n the act of inspiring with fear\nv cause fear in\nv drive out by frightening\ns causing fear or dread or terror', 'a. 令人恐惧的；引起突然惊恐的', ""'fraitәniŋ""}"
lurch	['Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the school separately.”Harry’s stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under his freckles.', 'His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.']	{'lurch', 'n. an unsteady uneven gait\nn. a decisive defeat in a game (especially in cribbage)\nn. abrupt up-and-down motion (as caused by a ship or other conveyance)\nn. the act of moving forward suddenly', 'lә:tʃ', 'n. 惨败, 倾斜, 挫折, 举步蹒跚, 徘徊\nvi. 惨败, 倾斜, 徘徊\nvt. 击败'}
unseated	['It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.']	"{'v. （马）把（骑手）摔下来( unseat的过去式和过去分词 ); 夺去（议员等的）席位; 革除（职位）; 使失去资格', 'ʌnˈsi:tid', 'unseated', ""v remove from political office\nv dislodge from one's seat, as from a horse""}"
cheering	['It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him.Lee was still commentating.“Slytherin in possession — Flint with the Quaffle — passes Spinnet — passes Bell — hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose — only joking, Professor — Slytherins score — A no…”The Slytherins were cheering.', 'He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.Harry had reached the shed.', 'Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!”Only Ron stood by him.“They’ll all forget this in a few weeks.', 'When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{'n. 欢呼, 喝彩\na. 令人振奋的, 令人高兴的', ""'tʃiәriŋ"", 'cheering', 'n. encouragement in the form of cheers from spectators'}"
interfere	['“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test.']	"{'interfere', 'vi. 妨碍, 冲突, 干涉, 抵触\n[医] 干扰, 干涉, 阻碍, 碰腿(马)', 'v. come between so as to be hindrance or obstacle', "".intә'fiә""}"
nonstop	['He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.']	"{'nonstop', ""nɒn'stɒp"", 'a. 直达的, 不着陆的, 不休息的\nadv. 不休息地\nn. 直达车, 直达行驶', 's. (of a journey especially a flight) occurring without stops\nr. without stopping'}"
vibrating	['His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on much longer.']	"{""vai'breitiŋ"", '[电] 振动; 振动的', 'vibrating', 'v shake, quiver, or throb; move back and forth rapidly, usually in an uncontrolled manner\nv move or swing from side to side regularly\nv be undecided about something; waver between conflicting positions or courses of action\nv sound with resonance\nv feel sudden intense sensation or emotion'}"
circled	['They dropped lower and circled beneath him, obviously hoping to catch him if he fell.']	{'circled', ' 均衡的', 'v travel around something\nv move in circles\nv form a circle around', 'ˈsə:kld'}
headfirst	['Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.']	{'', 'adv. 头在前', 'headfirst', 's. with the head foremost'}
crouched	['Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words.']	"{'v. 屈膝, 蹲伏( crouch的过去式和过去分词 )', ""v bend one's back forward from the waist on down\nv sit on one's heels"", 'crouched', 'krautʃt'}"
yelp	['A sudden yelp told her she had done her job.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!']	{'yelp', 'v. bark in a high-pitched tone', 'n. 尖声急叫, 狺吠, 叫喊声\nvi. 尖声急叫, 叫吠, 叫喊\nvt. 叫喊着说', 'jelp'}
scooping	[]	"{""'sku:piŋ"", 'n. 捞球', 'v take out or up with or as if with a scoop\nv get the better of', 'scooping'}"
clamber	['Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street.Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station.', 'As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at school.”“All right, keep your hair on.”A whistle sounded.“Hurry up!” their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train.', 'They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.“Oy, you there!', 'Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door.“Everyone here?', 'He felt braver.“Mount your brooms, please.”Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.Madam Hooch gave a loud blast on her silver whistle.Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air.', 'Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to his broom.“Neville, you can look!” Ron said.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'It will be quicker this way.“My name is Firenze,” he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing.']	"{'clamber', ""'klæmbә"", 'n. an awkward climb\nv. climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling', 'n. 攀登, 爬上\nv. 爬上, 攀登'}"
sobbing	['Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'He could hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours.', 'But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.']	"{""'sɔbiŋ"", 'sobbing', 'n convulsive gasp made while weeping\nv weep convulsively', '[医] 呜咽'}"
clap	['One thing was certain, there was no television in there.“Storm forecast for tonight!” said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together.', 'After a few minutes he stammered, “What does it mean, they await my owl?”“Gallopin’ Gorgons, that reminds me,” said Hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'Hagrid whooped and clapped and Mr. Ollivander cried, “Oh, bravo!', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.“Bones, Susan!”“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.“Boot, Terry!”“RAVENCLAW!”The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.“Brocklehurst, Mandy” went to Ravenclaw too, but “Brown, Lavender” became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; Harry could see Ron’s twin brothers catcalling.“Bulstrode, Millicent” then became a Slytherin.', 'Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “GRYFFINDOR!”Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next to him.“Well done, Ron, excellent,” said Percy Weasley pompously across Harry as “Zabini, Blaise,” was made a Slytherin.', 'Everybody clapped and cheered.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.“Ah, music,” he said, wiping his eyes.', 'A few people below were clapping.“No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy,” Harry called.The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.“Catch it if you can, then!” he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked back toward the ground.Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall.', '“It’s Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”“You do it, then, if you’re so clever,” Ron snarled.Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said, “Wingardium Leviosa!”Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads.“Oh, well done!” cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'He stepped in front of it.He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.', 'Slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as he walked past them, whistling and cheering, “Thanks Potter, we owe you one!”Only Ron stood by him.“They’ll all forget this in a few weeks.', 'At last, she clapped her hands.“Got it,” she said.', 'Help me, Master!”And to Harry’s horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come from Quirrell himself.“Use the boy…Use the boy.…”Quirrell rounded on Harry.“Yes — Potter — come here.”He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{'klæp', 'n. 拍手, 拍手声, 霹雳声, 花柳病\nv. 鼓掌, (使)啪地关上', 'clap', ""v. put quickly or forcibly\nv. cause to strike the air in flight\nv. clap one's hands together\nv. strike the air in flight""}"
seventy	['Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', 'Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.', 'Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points — exactly the same as Slytherin.']	"{""'sevnti"", 'num. 七十, 七十个', 'seventy', 'n. the cardinal number that is the product of ten and seven\ns. being ten more than sixty'}"
fluffy	['I tell you, that dragon’s the most horrible animal I’ve ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you’d think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit.']	"{'s like down or as soft as down', 'a. 毛绒绒的, 蓬松的, 空洞的, 无内容的, 不明确的\n[医] 绒毛状的', ""'flʌfi"", 'fluffy'}"
chappie	['We think he was trying to steal whatever it’s guarding.”Hagrid dropped the teapot.“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.“Fluffy?”“Yeah — he’s mine — bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las’ year — I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the —”“Yes?” said Harry eagerly.“Now, don’t ask me anymore,” said Hagrid gruffly.']	"{'', 'chappie', 'n. 喜爱卖弄的人, 花花公子, 家伙, 小伙子', ""'tʃæpi""}"
jinx	['He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', '“Snape’s a Hogwarts teacher, he’d do nothin’ of the sort.”“So why did he just try and kill Harry?” cried Hermione.The afternoon’s events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.“I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I’ve read all about them!']	{'v. foredoom to failure', 'dʒiŋks', 'n. 不祥物, 厄运\nvt. 使倒霉', 'jinx'}
hotly	['You’ve got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn’t blinking at all, I saw him!”“I’m tellin’ yeh, yer wrong!” said Hagrid hotly.']	"{'hotly', ""'hɒtli"", 'adv. 暑热地, 激烈地, 热心地', 'r in a heated manner'}"
meddling	['Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he’d promised himself about not meddling.All the same, he’d have gambled twelve Sorcerer’s Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step — Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy.']	{'', 'n. 干预；瞎管', 'meddling', 'n. the act of altering something secretly or improperly'}
froze	['Dursley sat frozen in his armchair.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.']	{'freeze的过去式', 'froze', 'v stop moving or become immobilized\nv change to ice\nv be cold\nv cause to freeze\nv stop a process or a habit by imposing a freeze on it\nv be very cold, below the freezing point\nv change from a liquid to a solid when cold\nv prohibit the conversion or use of (assets)\nv anesthetize by cold\nv suddenly behave coldly and formally', 'frәuz'}
stormy	['The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could fly off again.No one could wait for the holidays to start.']	"{'a. 暴风雨的, 粗暴的, 激烈的', ""'stɒ:mi"", 'stormy', 'a. (especially of weather) affected or characterized by storms or commotion\ns. characterized by violent emotions or behavior'}"
drafty	['While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.']	"{'a. 通风良好的, 有穿堂风的', ""'dræfti"", 'drafty', 's. not airtight'}"
bitter	['Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he’d opened the letter in the hall.', '“Wonder what’s wrong with his leg?”“Dunno, but I hope it’s really hurting him,” said Ron bitterly.The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.', '“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.']	"{'a. 苦的, 痛苦的, 怀恨的\nadv. 刺骨\nv. (使)变苦', 'bitter', 'n. English term for a dry sharp-tasting ale with strong flavor of hops (usually on draft)\nn. the taste experience when quinine or coffee is taken into the mouth\nv. make bitter\ns. very difficult to accept or bear', ""'bitә""}"
mist	['The Dursleys had received a very angry letter from Harry’s headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school buildings.', 'Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:Mr. H. PotterThe Cupboard under the Stairs4 Privet DriveLittle WhingingSurreyThe envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald-green ink.', 'It was addressed to you by mistake,” said Uncle Vernon shortly.', '“I have burned it.”“It was not a mistake,” said Harry angrily, “it had my cupboard on it.”“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling.', 'We await your owl by no later than July 31.Yours sincerely,Minerva McGonagall,Deputy HeadmistressQuestions exploded inside Harry’s head like fireworks and he couldn’t decide which to ask first.', 'There was somethin’ goin’ on that night he hadn’t counted on — I dunno what it was, no one does — but somethin’ about you stumped him, all right.”Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake.', 'If he’d once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley had always been able to kick him around like a football?“Hagrid,” he said quietly, “I think you must have made a mistake.', 'Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.“And that’s where…”Mr.', 'Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver.', 'What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and he’d better get back on the train?When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called, he fell over on his way to the stool.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they weren’t already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.Harry groped for the doorknob — between Filch and death, he’d take Filch.They fell backward — Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor.', 'Worst of all were Professor Snape’s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.“I do feel so sorry,” said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they’re not wanted at home.”He was looking over at Harry as he spoke.', 'Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione.', 'It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.There have been many reports of the Sorcerer’s Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover.', 'There was no mistaking that silver beard.Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe.', 'Even at a distance there was no mistaking him.Malfoy had seen the dragon.Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy’s face during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.', 'There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.“I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes.', 'What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what they’d done?At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the house points the next day thought there’d been a mistake.', 'Well, think again, boy — it’s into the forest you’re going and I’m much mistaken if you’ll all come out in one piece.”At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.“The forest?” he repeated, and he didn’t sound quite as cool as usual.', '“My mistake, my mistake — I didn’t see you — of course I didn’t, you’re invisible — forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.”“I have business here, Peeves,” croaked Harry.', '“He does not forgive mistakes easily.']	{'n. a thin fog with condensation near the ground\nv. become covered with mist\nv. spray finely or cover with mist', 'mist', 'n. 雾, 迷蒙, 朦胧不清\nvt. 使模糊, 使蒙上雾\nvi. 变模糊, 下雾'}
disgusted	['Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.“I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall.']	"{'s. having a strong distaste from surfeit', 'a. 厌恶的；厌烦的', ""dis'ɡʌstid"", 'disgusted'}"
widemouthed	[]	{'', 'waɪdmaʊdð', ' 宽口', 'widemouthed'}
bucking	['Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.']	{'bucking', '', 'v to strive with determination\nv resist\nv move quickly and violently\nv jump vertically, with legs stiff and back arched', '[机] 浸渍, 浸润'}
jealous	['Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.', 'So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.It was true that Harry wasn’t going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.']	"{'jealous', 's. suspicious or unduly suspicious or fearful of being displaced by a rival', 'a. 嫉妒的, 羡慕的, 留心的, 戒备的', ""'dʒelәs""}"
taunting	['So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family.It was true that Harry wasn’t going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.']	{'n aggravation by deriding or mocking or criticizing\nv harass with persistent criticism or carping\ns abusing vocally; expressing contempt or ridicule', 'tɔ:ntɪŋ', 'v. 嘲讽( taunt的现在分词 ); 嘲弄; 辱骂; 奚落', 'taunting'}
drawl	['He had a bored, drawling voice.', 'What’s your surname, anyway?”But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, “That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.“Well, I’ll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose,” said the drawling boy.Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).“What’s up?” said Hagrid.“Nothing,” Harry lied.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.']	{'drawl', 'drɒ:l', 'n. a slow speech pattern with prolonged vowels\nv. lengthen and slow down or draw out', 'v. 慢吞吞地说, 故意拉长调子讲话\nn. 慢吞吞拉长调子的说话方式'}
insulting	[]	"{'v treat, mention, or speak to rudely\ns expressing extreme contempt', 'a. 侮辱的, 损害人体的', ""in'sʌltiŋ"", 'insulting'}"
silkily	['“Malfoy was insultin’ his family.”“Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid,” said Snape silkily.']	"{""'silkili"", 'adv. 如丝绸一般地；（谈吐等）温和的', 'silkily', 'r. in a silky manner'}"
smirking	['Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of these days, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid.']	{'v smile affectedly or derisively', 'v. 傻笑( smirk的现在分词 )', 'smirking', 'smɜ:kɪŋ'}
grinding	['Move along, all of you.”Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles everywhere and smirking.“I’ll get him,” said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy’s back, “one of these days, I’ll get him —”“I hate them both,” said Harry, “Malfoy and Snape.”“Come on, cheer up, it’s nearly Christmas,” said Hagrid.']	"{'a. 刺耳的, 沉重的, 剧烈的\n[化] 研磨; 磨碎', 'grinding', ""'graindiŋ"", 'n. material resulting from the process of grinding\nn. a harsh and strident sound (as of the grinding of gears)\nn. the wearing down of rock particles by friction due to water or wind or ice'}"
mistletoe	['Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione.']	"{'n. American plants closely resembling Old World mistletoe\nn. Old World parasitic shrub having branching greenish stems with leathery leaves and waxy white glutinous berries; the traditional mistletoe of Christmas\nn. shrub of central and southeastern Europe; partially parasitic on beeches, chestnuts and oaks', 'mistletoe', 'n. 槲寄生属植物\n[医] 槲寄生(跗寄生属植物通称)', ""'misltәu""}"
towering	['Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles.“How many days you got left until yer holidays?” Hagrid asked.“Just one,” said Hermione.', 'He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.', '“Don’ worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’s this badly hurt, an’ then we’ll be able ter — GET BEHIND THAT TREE!”Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak.', 'Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly – the towering white chessmen had no faces.“Now what do we do?” Harry whispered.“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” said Ron.', 'In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place.']	"{'towering', ""'tauәriŋ"", 'v appear very large or occupy a commanding position\ns of imposing height; especially standing out above others', 'a. 高耸的, 激烈的'}"
trailing	['“And that reminds me — Harry, Ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.”“Oh yeah, you’re right,” said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.“The library?” said Hagrid, following them out of the hall.', 'Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground.']	"{""'treiliŋ"", 'a. 牵引的；后面的；被拖动的；蔓延的；拖尾的', 'n. the pursuit (of a person or animal) by following tracks or marks they left behind', 'trailing'}"
flatly	['“We must’ve been through hundreds of books already and we can’t find him anywhere — just give us a hint — I know I’ve read his name somewhere.”“I’m sayin’ nothin’, said Hagrid flatly.“Just have to find out for ourselves, then,” said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.They had indeed been searching books for Flamel’s name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal?', 'That’ll take a lot of explaining.”Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t.“If we just do a bit of poking around —”“No,” said Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.”He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table.']	"{'adv. 枯燥无味地, 完全地, 直截了当地, 毅然地, 断然地', 'flatly', 'r. in an unqualified manner', ""'flætli""}"
notable	[]	"{'notable', 'n. 著名人士, 值得注意之事物\na. 值得注意的, 显著的', ""'nәutәbl"", 'n a celebrity who is an inspiration to others\ns worthy of notice\ns widely known and esteemed'}"
duster	['These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts.“What are you looking for, boy?”“Nothing,” said Harry.Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him.“You’d better get out, then.']	"{""'dʌstә"", 'duster', 'n. 掸子, 打扫灰尘的人', 'n. a loose coverall (coat or frock) reaching down to the ankles\nn. a pitch thrown deliberately close to the batter'}"
hopeful	['Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'They were sure she’d be able to tell them, but they couldn’t risk Snape hearing what they were up to.Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasn’t very hopeful.']	"{'n. 有希望之人, 有前途之人\na. 有希望的, 怀抱希望的, 保持乐观的', 'hopeful', 'a. having or manifesting hope', ""'hәupful""}"
emptier	['They had the dormitory to themselves and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire.']	"{""'emptaiә"", 'n. 卸载器；排空装置', 'emptier', 'a holding or containing nothing\ns devoid of significance or point\ns needing nourishment\ns emptied of emotion'}"
spear	['Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a sword, he said, “I’m warning you, Dursley — I’m warning you — one more word….”In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Uncle Vernon’s courage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent.“That’s better,” said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.“But what happened to Vol-, sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who?”“Good question, Harry.', 'They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work.Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.']	{'n. a long pointed rod used as a tool or weapon\nn. an implement with a shaft and barbed point used for catching fish\nv. pierce with a spear\nv. thrust up like a spear', 'spiә', 'spear', 'n. 矛, 枪, 持矛者, 嫩枝\nvt. 用矛刺\nvi. 刺, 戳\na. 父系的'}
plotting	['They sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork — bread, English muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work.Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.']	"{'v plan secretly, usually something illegal\nv make a schematic or technical drawing of that shows interactions among variables or how something is constructed\nv make a plat of\nv devise the sequence of events in (a literary work or a play, movie, or ballet)', ""'plɒtiŋ"", 'plotting', 'n. 标绘, 绘图\n[化] 绘图'}"
grandfather	['Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in his family — in this case, his grandfather.', 'He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn’t meet anyone.And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily.', 'Why don’t you go to bed, Neville?”Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door.']	"{""'grændfɑ:ðә"", 'n. the father of your father or mother', 'n. 祖父, 始祖\n[电] 原始资料组', 'grandfather'}"
chessman	['However, old chessmen weren’t a drawback at all.', 'Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted.Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn’t trust him at all.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.', 'Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly – the towering white chessmen had no faces.“Now what do we do?” Harry whispered.“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” said Ron.', '“We’ve got to play our way across the room.”Behind the white pieces they could see another door.“How?” said Hermione nervously.“I think,” said Ron, “we’re going to have to be chessmen.”He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight’s horse.', '“Just tell us what to do.”“Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione, you next to him instead of that castle.”“What about you?”“I’m going to be a knight,” said Ron.The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took.“White always plays first in chess,” said Ron, peering across the board.', 'The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.']	"{'n. any of 16 white and 16 black pieces used in playing the game of chess', ""'tʃesmәn"", 'n. (国际象棋)棋子', 'chessman'}"
drawback	['However, old chessmen weren’t a drawback at all.']	"{'n. the quality of being a hindrance', 'n. 缺点, 退税\n[法] 退款, 退税', ""'drɒ:bæk"", 'drawback'}"
flute	['Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute.', 'He pulled out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas.', '“Well, here goes ….”He put Hagrid’s flute to his lips and blew.', 'He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open.“What can you see?” Hermione said anxiously.“Nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.”Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself.“You want to go first?', 'Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.”Harry handed the flute over.']	{'n. a high-pitched woodwind instrument; a slender tube closed at one end with finger holes on one end and an opening near the closed end across which the breath is blown\nn. a tall narrow wineglass\nn. a groove or furrow in cloth etc (particularly a shallow concave groove on the shaft of a column)\nv. form flutes in', 'flute', 'flu:t', 'n. 笛, 横笛, 凹槽\nvi. 吹笛子\nvt. 用长笛奏, 刻凹槽于'}
enclose	['Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.Term begins on September 1.', 'Harry blew it — it sounded a bit like an owl.A second, very small parcel contained a note.We received your message and enclose your Christmas present.']	"{'vt. 围绕, 圈起, 放入封套, 附上', ""in'klәuz"", 'enclose', 'v. close in; darkness enclosed him""\nv. surround completely'}"
fascinated	['Taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece.“That’s friendly,” said Harry.Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.“Weird!” he said, ‘What a shape!']	{'', 's. having your attention fixated as though by a spell', 'a. 着迷的；被深深吸引的', 'fascinated'}
torn	['I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', 'She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (“If Filch had caught you!”), and disappointment that he hadn’t at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure he’d read the name somewhere.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.']	{'s. disrupted by the pull of contrary forces', 'tɒ:n', 'tear的过去分词', 'torn'}
homemade	['I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.']	"{'homemade', 'a. made or produced in the home or by yourself', ""'hәum'meid"", 'a. 自制的, 国产的'}"
unwrapping	['I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!']	"{""ʌn'ræpɪŋ"", 'v. 移去…的包裹物, 打开, 展开( unwrap的现在分词 )', 'v remove the outer cover or wrapping of\nv make known to the public information that was previously known only to a few people or that was meant to be kept a secret', 'unwrapping'}"
gleaming	['He unwrapped it.Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds.', 'To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail.', 'Harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.“Look —” he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.Something bright white was gleaming on the ground.']	{'n a flash of light (especially reflected light)\nn an appearance of reflected light\nv be shiny, as if wet\nv shine brightly, like a star or a light\nv appear briefly\ns bright with a steady but subdued shining', 'gleaming', 'ˈgli:mɪŋ', 'a. 闪闪发光的\nv. （使）闪烁, （使）闪亮( gleam的现在分词 )'}
woven	['It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.']	"{'weave的过去分词', 'a. made or constructed by interlacing threads or strips of material or other elements into a whole', 'woven', ""'wәuvәn""}"
invisibility	"['It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.', 'Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster.', 'He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.The library was pitch-black and very eerie.', ""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk."", 'Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harry’s invisibility cloak.', 'They can meet you there and take him away while it’s still dark.Send me an answer as soon as possible.Love,CharlieThey looked at one another.“We’ve got the invisibility cloak,” said Harry.', 'And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.”They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.“I won’t let you in,” he puffed.', '“An’ I’ve packed his teddy bear in case he gets lonely.”From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off.“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.', ""As they stepped into the corridor, Filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness.“Well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.”They’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FIFTEENTHE FORBIDDEN FORESTT hings couldn’t have been worse.Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall’s study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other."", 'Add Norbert and the invisibility cloak, and they might as well be packing their bags already.Had Harry thought that things couldn’t have been worse?', 'But the night’s surprises weren’t over.When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath them.', 'Voldemort killed my parents, remember?”He glared at them.“You’re right Harry,” said Hermione in a small voice.“I’ll use the invisibility cloak,” said Harry.', '“Oh, Neville, I’m so sorry.”“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Harry.“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen.', 'When he had found his voice again, Harry said, “And the invisibility cloak — do you know who sent it to me?”“Ah — your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it.” Dumbledore’s eyes twinkled.']"	"{'invisibility', 'n. the quality of not being perceivable by the eye', ""in.vizә'biliti"", 'n. 看不见, 难觉察的, 看不见的东西'}"
loopy	['Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words:Your father left this in my possession before he died.It is time it was returned to you.Use it well.A Very Merry Christmas to you.There was no signature.']	"{'a. 多圈的, 呆头呆脑的, 糊涂的', 'loopy', 'a. consisting of or covered with or having loops', ""'lu:pi""}"
youse	[]	{'', 'ju:z', 'pron. [非规范用语、方言]你们', 'youse'}
flung	['Had it really once belonged to his father?Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in.', 'He flung back his head and stared at the sky.']	{'flung', 'v throw with force or recklessness\nv move in an abrupt or headlong manner\nv indulge oneself\nv throw or cast away', 'fl ʌŋ', '扔, 丢, 掷, 抛, 急伸, 挥动, 扫视, (猛)推, 急派(军队), 猛冲, 急行, 直冲, 乱踢'}
halfheartedly	['“Come on, get it on, they’re lovely and warm.”“I hate maroon,” Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.“You haven’t got a letter on yours,” George observed.']	"{'', ""'hɑ:fhɑ:tɪdlɪ"", 'adv. 不认真地, 无兴趣地', 'halfheartedly'}"
thickly	['Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.']	{'', 'r. spoken with poor articulation as if with a thick tongue\nr. with a thick consistency\nr. with thickness; in a thick manner', 'adv. 厚地；浓地', 'thickly'}
tureen	['A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	"{""tju'ri:n"", 'tureen', 'n. 盖碗, 焙盘', 'n. large deep serving dish with a cover; for serving soups and stews'}"
buttered	['A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	{'ˈbʌtəd', 'v. 抹黄油于…上( butter的过去式和过去分词 )', 'v spread butter on', 'buttered'}
cranberry	['A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.']	"{""'krænbәri"", 'cranberry', 'n. 越橘', 'n. any of numerous shrubs of genus Vaccinium bearing cranberries\nn. very tart red berry used for sauce or juice'}"
cracker	['It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s wand to bring silence.“Prefects,” he rumbled, “lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!”Percy was in his element.“Follow me!', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.', 'Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.']	"{'n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shortening; unsweetened or semisweet\nn. a programmer who cracks (gains unauthorized access to) computers, typically to do malicious things\nn. a party favor consisting of a paper roll (usually containing candy or a small favor) that pops when pulled at both ends', 'n. 饼干, 爆竹\n[计] 破袭者', ""'krækә"", 'cracker'}"
feeble	['These fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside.', 'Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each other around Harry’s brain, each more feeble than the last.']	{'fi:bl', 'feeble', 'a. 微弱的, 衰弱的, 无效的\n[医] 无力的, 衰弱的', 's. pathetically lacking in force or effectiveness\ns. lacking strength'}
flimsy	['These fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside.']	"{'flimsy', ""'flimzi"", 's. lacking solidity or strength\ns. lacking substance or significance; a fragile claim to fame""', 'a. 易坏的, 脆弱的, 浅薄的\nn. 易损坏的东西(或材料), 薄纸, 描图用薄纸, 薄纸稿纸'}"
cracker	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'It took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledore’s wand to bring silence.“Prefects,” he rumbled, “lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately!”Percy was in his element.“Follow me!', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.', 'Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral’s hat and several live, white mice.', 'Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.']	"{'n. a thin crisp wafer made of flour and water with or without leavening and shortening; unsweetened or semisweet\nn. a programmer who cracks (gains unauthorized access to) computers, typically to do malicious things\nn. a party favor consisting of a paper roll (usually containing candy or a small favor) that pops when pulled at both ends', 'n. 饼干, 爆竹\n[计] 破袭者', ""'krækә"", 'cracker'}"
admiral	['Harry pulled a wizard cracker with Fred and it didn’t just bang, it went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral’s hat and several live, white mice.']	"{""'ædmәrәl"", 'admiral', 'n. the supreme commander of a fleet; ranks above a vice admiral and below a fleet admiral\nn. any of several brightly colored butterflies', 'n. 舰队司令, 海军上将, 旗舰'}"
flowered	['Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard’s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey.']	"{'flowered', ""'flauәd"", 'a. 花开着的, 用花装饰的', 'v produce or yield flowers\ns resembling or made of or suggestive of flowers'}"
bonnet	['Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets — but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.', 'Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard’s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey.']	"{""'bɒnit"", 'bonnet', 'n. 软帽\n[化] 阀盖; 阀帽', 'n. a hat tied under the chin\nv. dress in a bonnet'}"
slice	['Percy nearly broke his teeth on a silver sickle embedded in his slice.']	{'slice', 'n. a share of something\nn. a golf shot that curves to the right for a right-handed golfer\nn. a thin flat piece cut off of some object\nn. a spatula for spreading paint or ink', 'slais', 'n. 薄的切片, 一部分, 菜刀\nvt. 切成薄片, 切下\nvi. 切\n[计] 片'}
redder	['Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.']	{'', 's of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies\ns characterized by violence or bloodshed\ns (especially of the face) reddened or suffused with or as if with blood from emotion or exertion', 'redder', 'a. red比较级'}
luminous	['Harry watched Hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine, finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.', 'They hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking.“Quick!”Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris came round the door.']	"{'luminous', 'a. 发光的, 明亮的\n[医] 发光的', 's softly bright or radiant', ""'lu:minәs""}"
snowball	['The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.', 'The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Norris’s Christmas dinner.Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds.']	"{'snowball', 'n. plant having heads of fragrant white trumpet-shaped flowers; grows in sandy arid regions\nn. ball of ice cream covered with coconut and usually chocolate sauce\nn. ball of crushed ice with fruit syrup\nn. snow pressed into a ball for throwing (playfully)', ""'snәubɒ:l"", 'n. 雪球, 果味冰霜卷, 滚雪球式的募捐法\nvt. 向...丢雪球, 使滚雪球般增长\nvi. 打雪仗, 滚雪球般增长'}"
spectacularly	['Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron.']	{'', 'spectacularly', 'r. in a spectacular manner', 'adv. 引人注目地；壮观地'}
nagging	['Yet something had been nagging at the back of his mind all day.', 'Harry and Ron wouldn’t have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.“Hermione, the exams are ages away.”“Ten weeks,” Hermione snapped.']	"{'v bother persistently with trivial complaints\nv worry persistently\nv remind or urge constantly\ns continually complaining or faultfinding', ""'nægiŋ"", 'nagging', 'a. 唠叨的, 责备挑剔的'}"
whoever	['Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent it.Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of his four-poster.']	"{""hu'evә"", 'pron. Whatever person; any person who; be or she who; any one\n   who; as, he shall be punished, whoever he may be.', 'whoever', 'pron. 任何人, 无论谁'}"
smoother	['He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air.']	"{""'smu:ðә"", 'smoother', 'n a power tool used for sanding wood; an endless loop of sandpaper is moved at high speed by an electric motor\na having a surface free from roughness or bumps or ridges or irregularities\ns smoothly agreeable and courteous with a degree of sophistication\na of the margin of a leaf shape; not broken up into teeth\ns smooth and unconstrained in movement\na (music) without breaks between notes; smooth and connected\na of motion that runs or flows or proceeds without jolts or turbulence\ns lacking obstructions or difficulties\ns (of a body of water) free from disturbance by heavy waves', 'n. 弄平的人, 路面平整机, 修光工具\n[机] 光镘'}"
eerie	['He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he walked.The library was pitch-black and very eerie.']	"{'s. suggestive of the supernatural; mysterious\ns. inspiring a feeling of fear; strange and frightening', ""'iәri"", 'eerie', 'a. 怪诞的, 可怕的, 奇异的, 令人迷惑不解的'}"
stepping	[]	"{""v shift or move by taking a step\nv put down or press the foot, place the foot\nv cause (a computer) to execute a single command\nv treat badly\nv furnish with steps\nv move with one's feet in a specific manner\nv walk a short distance to a specified place or in a specified manner\nv place (a ship's mast) in its step\nv measure (distances) by pacing\nv move or proceed as if by steps into a new situation"", 'stepping', '[计] 步进式, 改变', ""'stepiŋ""}"
stain	['The Bloody Baron’s becoming almost unbearable — he’s the Slytherin ghost.”Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained with silver blood.', 'One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood.']	{'stein', 'stain', 'n. a soiled or discolored appearance\nn. (microscopy) a dye or other coloring material that is used in microscopy to make structures visible\nv. color with a liquid dye or tint\nv. produce or leave stains', 'n. 污染, 污点, 着色剂\nvt. 沾染, 染污, 着色\nvi. 变脏'}
balancing	['He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!']	"{'n getting two things to correspond\nv bring into balance or equilibrium\nv compute credits and debits of an account\nv hold or carry in equilibrium\nv be in equilibrium', 'balancing', ""'bælәnsiŋ"", '[计] 平衡, 均衡, 结算\n[经] 平衡, 结出余额'}"
bloodcurdling	['He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!']	"{'bloodcurdling', 's. extremely alarming', ""'blʌd.kә:dliŋ"", 'a. 恐怖的, 令人毛骨悚然的'}"
shriek	['“You knew I’m a — a wizard?”“Knew!” shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly.', 'He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'He pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open.A piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming!', 'Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note.', 'Panicking, he heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside — stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, he ran for it.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'Gryffindor is in the lead!” shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground.', 'She landed on Harry’s other side.“We must be miles under the school,” she said.“Lucky this plant thing’s here, really,” said Ron.“Lucky!” shrieked Hermione.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off — the pain in Harry’s head was building — he couldn’t see — he could only hear Quirrell’s terrible shrieks and Voldemort’s yells of, “KILL HIM!']	{'ʃri:k', 'v. utter a shrill cry', 'shriek', 'n. 尖锐的响声\nvi. 尖叫, 发尖声\nvt. 尖声发出'}
unbroken	['Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note.']	"{""'ʌn'brәukәn"", 'a. 未破损的, 未被征服的, 未打垮的, 不屈服的, 不涣散的, 整齐的, 未中断的\n[法] 未被阻断的, 未破损的, 完好的', 'a. marked by continuous or uninterrupted extension in space or time or sequence\ns. not subdued or trained for service or use\na. (especially of promises or contracts) not violated or disregarded\na. not broken; whole and intact; in one piece', 'unbroken'}"
earsplitting	['Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note.']	"{""'iәsplitiŋ"", 'a. 震耳欲聋的', 's loud enough to cause (temporary) hearing loss', 'earsplitting'}"
ringing	['But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore?” She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.“Hagrid’s bringing him.”“You think it — wise — to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?”“I would trust Hagrid with my life,” said Dumbledore.“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right place,” said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend he’s not careless.', 'It was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn’t come in to vacuum anymore, because Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice.', 'Malfoy’s eagle owl was always bringing him packages of sweets from home, which he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table.A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother.', 'A game of Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages — I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players could get some sleep.“Well, that’s it any questions?”Harry shook his head.', 'A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', '— it likes the dark and the damp.”“So light a fire!” Harry choked.“Yes — of course — but there’s no wood!” Hermione cried, wringing her hands.“HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed.']	"{'a. 响亮的, 明白的, 清脆的, 干脆的\n[电] 振铃', 'ringing', ""'riŋiŋ"", 'n. the giving of a ring as a token of engagement'}"
unused	['It was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.It looked like an unused classroom.']	"{'s. not yet put into use\ns. infrequently exposed to', 'a. 不用的, 不在使用的, 从未用过的', "".ʌn'ju:zd"", 'unused'}"
ornate	['The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.']	"{'ornate', ""ɒ:'neit"", 'a. 装饰的, 华丽的', 's marked by elaborate rhetoric and elaborated with decorative details'}"
clawed	['The dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket – but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way.It was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet.']	{'', 'clawed', 'a. 有爪/螯的', 's. having or resembling a claw or claws; often used as a combining form\ns. (of predatory animals) armed with claws or talons'}
inscription	['There was an inscription carved around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.']	"{""in'skripʃәn"", 'n. 题字, 碑铭\n[医] 划, 药量记载', 'inscription', 'n. letters inscribed (especially words engraved or carved) on something\nn. the activity of inscribing (especially carving or engraving) letters or words'}"
erased	[]	"{""i'reizd"", 'a. 被清除的；[纹章]断掉并留有不平均边的', 'v remove from memory or existence\nv remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing\nv wipe out digitally or magnetically recorded information', 'erased'}"
stra	['They were the last people you’d expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn’t hold with such nonsense.Mr.', 'This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn’t want Dudley mixing with a child like that.When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country.', 'As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn’t help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about.', 'He didn’t blame her — if he’d had a sister like that…but all the same, those people in cloaks.…He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o’clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.“Sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell.', 'He had been hugged by a complete stranger.', 'No one ever did.The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didn’t make them happen.Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking as though he hadn’t been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which she left “to hide that horrible scar.” Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.', 'Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his cupboard, he came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead.', 'Yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know him.', 'Very strange strangers they were, too.', 'Smeltings’ boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters.', 'H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’”With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him.', 'After a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harry’s letter clutched in his hand.“Go to your cupboard — I mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at Harry.', 'He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot.“See,” he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them they’ll just give up.”“I’m not sure that’ll work, Vernon.”“Oh, these people’s minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they’re not like you and me,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years.“Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and had you, and of course I knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you!”Harry had gone very white.', 'Didn’t know who ter trust, didn’t dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches…terrible things happened.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'He went straight to the window and jerked it open.', 'Look in the pockets.”Hagrid’s coat seemed to be made of nothing but pockets — bunches of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags...finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.“Give him five Knuts,” said Hagrid sleepily.“Knuts?”“The little bronze ones.”Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them:Enter, stranger, but take heedOf what awaits the sin of greed,For those who take, but do not earn,Must pay most dearly in their turn.So if you seek beneath our floorsA treasure that was never yours,Thief, you have been warned, bewareOf finding more than treasure there.“Like I said, Yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it,” said Hagrid.A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'Everything looked so strange, somehow.“You all right, Harry?', 'Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face.“Well, there you are, boy.', 'According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley.', '“All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten.', 'Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life.', 'You can start collecting.”Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.“Help yourself,” said Harry.', 'Harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper.The countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder.', 'One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.', 'He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding…As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families.“I’m half-and-half,” said Seamus.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'He’s chewing my sheets.”Harry was going to ask Ron if he’d had any of the treacle tart, but he fell asleep almost at once.Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange dream.', 'Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.', 'He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter.“I don’t know, sir.”“Thought you wouldn’t open a book before coming, eh, Potter?” Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those cold eyes.', 'Hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.“Make yerselves at home,” said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started licking his ears.', '“Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down — next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — he stretched out his hand — a foot from the ground he caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.“HARRY POTTER!”His heart sank faster than he’d just dived.', 'And now they knew why it was forbidden.They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top.As seven o’clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditch field.', 'Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding them inside the box.“Stand back,” Wood warned Harry.', 'He bent down and freed one of the Bludgers.At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Harry’s face.', 'Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground.“See?” Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate and strapping it down safely.', 'The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harry’s wand had still been in his hand when he’d jumped – it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils.Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell that came into his head: “Wingardium Leviosa!”The club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto its owner’s head.', 'No one seemed to have noticed that Harry’s broom was behaving strangely.', 'It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.“It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face.', 'He felt very strange.', 'He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book’s shrieks still ringing in his ears.He came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor.', 'They walked straight past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away.', 'There was an inscription carved around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', '“We’ve just got to make sure we play a clean game, so Snape hasn’t got an excuse to pick on us.”Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.…The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'Harry strained to catch what they were saying.“…d-don’t know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, Severus…”“Oh, I thought we’d keep this private,” said Snape, his voice icy.', 'I was down in the village havin’ a few drinks an’ got into a game o’ cards with a stranger.', 'He had written only two words: It’s hatching.Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut.', 'Harry moved closer.“All right — all right —” he heard Quirrell sob.Next second, Quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening his turban.', '“Right, follow me, but careful, now.”They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.', '“So yeh haven’t noticed anythin’ strange?”Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer.', 'We’ll be off, then.”Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.“Never,” said Hagrid irritably, “try an’ get a straight answer out of a centaur.', 'It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!”Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.“Do you not see that unicorn?” Firenze bellowed at Bane.', '“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?', 'What did the stranger you were playing cards with look like?”“Dunno,” said Hagrid casually, “he wouldn’ take his cloak off.”He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows.“It’s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the Hog’s Head — that’s the pub down in the village.', 'So I told him, Fluffy’s a piece o’ cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jus’ play him a bit o’ music an’ he’ll go straight off ter sleep —”Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.“I shouldn’ta told yeh that!” he blurted out.', '“Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak — it must’ve been easy, once he’d got Hagrid drunk.', 'Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right?”“Right,” said Ron.“See you in a minute, I hope …”And Harry let go.', 'Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them.“Stop moving!” Hermione ordered them.', 'Grab brooms from the flying-key room, they’ll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy — go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him.', 'She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered.“It’s not poison?” said Harry anxiously.“No — but it’s like ice.”“Quick, go, before it wears off.”“Good luck — take care.”“GO!”Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle.', 'Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off — and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn’t even manage to bite Snape’s leg off properly.“Now, wait quietly, Potter.', 'Quirrell’s head looked strangely small without it.', 'How strange.He blinked again.', 'Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.”“But sir, the Stone —”“I see you are not to be distracted.', '“What really happened?”It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.']	"{'', 'stra', ""st'rə"", ' [医]（复strae）横纹，纹，条纹，线条，陷线（昆虫），壳纹，壳线间隙'}"
edging	['She had dark red hair and her eyes — her eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass.']	"{'n. border consisting of anything placed on the edge to finish something (such as a fringe on clothing or on a rug)', ""'edʒiŋ"", 'edging', 'n. 边缘, 边饰'}"
touching	['It stuck up at the back, just as Harry’s did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection.“Mom?” he whispered.', 'The evil face was now smiling.“How touching…” it hissed.']	"{'a. 动人的, 令人同情的', ""'tʌtʃiŋ"", 'n the event of something coming in contact with the body\nn the act of putting two things together with no space between them\nv make physical contact with, come in contact with\nv perceive via the tactile sense\nv affect emotionally\nv be relevant to\nv be in direct physical contact with; make contact\nv have an effect upon\nv deal with; usually used with a form of negation\nv cause to be in brief contact with\nv to extend as far as\nv be equal to in quality or ability\nv tamper with\nv make a more or less disguised reference to\nv comprehend\nv consume\nv color lightly\ns arousing affect', 'touching'}"
hungrily	['And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry’s knobbly knees — Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them.', 'Tried to frighten me — as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side….”Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.“I see the Stone…I’m presenting it to my master…but where is it?”Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn’t give.']	"{'adv. 饥饿地; 渴望地, 贪婪地', ""'hʌŋɡrəlɪ"", 'hungrily', 'r. in the manner of someone who is very hungry'}"
ache	"['He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache.', 'He put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking…no, he was being stupid.', 'About what finally stopped him?”It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.', 'Professor McGonagall gasped.“Lily and James…I can’t believe it…I didn’t want to believe it…Oh, Albus…”Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.', 'He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “MOTORCYCLES DON’T FLY!”Dudley and Piers sniggered.“I know they don’t,” said Harry.', 'They also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren’t looking.', 'They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.“That does it,” said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.', 'No arguments!”He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue.', 'After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house.The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty.', '“You are breaking and entering!”“Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; he reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a corner of the room.Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.“Anyway — Harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh.', '“Crikey, I’d like a dragon.”“You’d like one?”“Wanted one ever since I was a kid — here we go.”They had reached the station.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', '“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.', '“Look,” Harry heard one of them say, “the new Nimbus Two Thousand — fastest ever —” There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon.…“Gringotts,” said Hagrid.They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops.', 'Two hours later, Harry’s huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the Dursleys’ car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off.They reached King’s Cross at half past ten.', 'Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.“Fred, you next,” the plump woman said.“I’m not Fred, I’m George,” said the boy.', 'I’ve got Bill’s old robes, Charlie’s old wand, and Percy’s old rat.”Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was asleep.“His name’s Scabbers and he’s useless, he hardly ever wakes up.', 'He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', 'It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood.“Heads down!” yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.', 'They were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.“Oy, you there!', 'He’d never been more nervous, never, not even when he’d had to take a school report home to the Dursleys saying that he’d somehow turned his teacher’s wig blue.', 'At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.', 'Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.', 'Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.It happened very suddenly.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher’s look — a feeling that he didn’t like Harry at all.“Who’s that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?” he asked Percy.“Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you?', 'He teaches Potions, but he doesn’t want to — everyone knows he’s after Quirrell’s job.', 'Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.', 'At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry’s name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.Professor McGonagall was again different.', 'Harry had been quite right to think she wasn’t a teacher to cross.', 'They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.“What’s going on?”“Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.”Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.“Just looking,” he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson.', 'Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.Their teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived.', 'There was of course nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their knuckles and scowl.“I’d take you on anytime on my own,” said Malfoy.', 'They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, “I can’t believe you’re going to do this, Harry.”A lamp flickered on.', '“We’ve got to go, we’re going to be late.”They hadn’t even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up with them.“I’m coming with you,” she said.“You are not.”“D’you think I’m going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?', 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'And you don’t have to worry about the Quaffle or the Bludgers —”“— unless they crack my head open.”“Don’t worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers — I mean, they’re like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.”Wood reached into the crate and took out the fourth and last ball.', 'Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “Troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.”He then sank to the floor in a dead faint.There was an uproar.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and lock it.“Yes!”Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up.“Oh, no,” said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.“It’s the girls’ bathroom!” Harry gasped.“Hermione!” they said together.It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have?', 'Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher?“If they hadn’t found me, I’d be dead now.', '“Mind you, we did save her.”“She might not have needed saving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with her,” Harry reminded him.They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.“Pig snout,” they said and entered.The common room was packed and noisy.', 'Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he could have it.“Better you than me,” they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldn’t refuse if there were other teachers listening.He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked.', '“I know he’s not very nice, but he wouldn’t try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.”“Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,” snapped Ron.', '“Snape’s a Hogwarts teacher, he’d do nothin’ of the sort.”“So why did he just try and kill Harry?” cried Hermione.The afternoon’s events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about Snape.“I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I’ve read all about them!', 'Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he’d never get one.', 'He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him.', 'He had a powerful kind of ache inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.How long he stood there, he didn’t know.', 'He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.Harry had reached the shed.', 'They’re very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I don’t know what’s gotten into me.…”Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as Hermione.', 'Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione.“Well, I don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that…let’s see…he borrowed Fluffy from me…then some o’ the teachers did enchantments…Professor Sprout — Professor Flitwick — Professor McGonagall —” he ticked them off on his fingers, “Professor Quirrell — an’ Dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course.', 'If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it.', 'Not even one of the teachers?”“Not a soul knows except me an’ Dumbledore,” said Hagrid proudly.“Well, that’s something,” Harry muttered to the others.', 'He reached out a hand to stroke the dragon’s head.', 'UP another staircase, then another – even one of Harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier.“Nearly there!” Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower.Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the crate.', 'Explain yourselves.”It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher’s question.', '“Oh yes…hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me….It’s just a pity they let the old punishments die out…hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I’ve got the chains still in my office, keep ‘em well oiled in case they’re ever needed…Right, off we go, and don’t think of running off, now, it’ll be worse for you if you do.”They marched off across the dark grounds.', 'A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground.', 'The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal’s side, and began to drink its blood.“AAAAAAAAAARGH!”Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang.', 'No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.“I suppose you think you’re harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!” she stormed.', 'As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn’t do anything.They didn’t meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor.', 'They could feel the dog’s hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads.', 'A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.', 'He reached the door untouched.', '“What do you reckon’s next?”“We’ve had Sprout’s, that was the Devil’s Snare; Flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell’s spell, and Snape’s.”They had reached another door.“All right?” Harry whispered.“Go on.”Harry pushed it open.A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses.', 'All the other teachers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular…and what a waste of time, when after all that, I’m going to kill you tonight.”Quirrell snapped his fingers.', 'Petrified, he watched as Quirrell reached up and began to unwrap his turban.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'No sooner had I reached London than it became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just left.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']"	{'n. 疼痛\nvi. 痛, 哀怜, 渴望', 'eik', 'n. a dull persistent (usually moderately intense) pain\nv. have a desire for something or someone who is not present\nv. be the source of pain', 'ache'}
fade	['What happened?” Harry asked urgently.The anger faded from Hagrid’s face.', 'A single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window.A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside.', 'He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements.“How did he get covered in blood?” asked Seamus with great interest.“I’ve never asked,” said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.', 'Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry’s mind.“What on earth were you thinking of?” said Professor McGonagall, with cold fury in her voice.', 'Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry couldn’t understand.', 'The reflections did not fade and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his senses.', 'Harry’s victory faded from his mind as he watched.', 'Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away.“I knew it,” he murmured.', 'The Slytherins’ smiles faded a little.“Ahem,” said Dumbledore.']	{'n. gradually ceasing to be visible\nv. become less clearly visible or distinguishable; disappear gradually or seemingly\nv. lose freshness, vigor, or vitality', 'feid', 'fade', 'vi. 褪色, 消失, 凋谢\nvt. 使褪色\nn. 淡入, 淡出\na. 平淡的'}
grossly	[]	"{'r. in a gross manner', ""'grәusli"", 'grossly', 'adv. 非常, 很, 粗'}"
feared	['“You look odd.”What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again.', 'I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you.”“It was you.”“I feared I might be too late.”“You nearly were, I couldn’t have kept him off the Stone much longer –”“Not the Stone, boy, you — the effort involved nearly killed you.']	{'v. 畏惧( fear的过去式和过去分词 ); 为…忧虑（或担心、焦虑）; 敬畏（神等）; 感到害怕', 'v be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event\nv be afraid or scared of; be frightened of\nv be sorry; used to introduce an unpleasant statement\nv be uneasy or apprehensive about\nv regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of', 'fiəd', 'feared'}
moaning	['just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.“It’s here — just here — yes!”They pushed the door open.']	"{'v. 呻吟, 悲叹( moan的现在分词 ); 抱怨; 发出萧萧声', ""'məʊnɪŋ"", 'moaning', 'v indicate pain, discomfort, or displeasure'}"
nearsighted	['Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.']	"{'a. unable to see distant objects clearly', ""niә'saitid"", 'nearsighted', 'a. 近视的, 浅见的\n[医] 近视的'}"
happiest	['The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exactly as he is.']	{'', 'a enjoying or showing or marked by joy or pleasure\ns marked by good fortune\ns eagerly disposed to act or to be of service\ns well expressed and to the point', 'a. 幸福的；快乐的', 'happiest'}
wasted	['Men have wasted away before it, entranced by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible.“The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again.']	"{'wasted', 'v spend thoughtlessly; throw away\nv use inefficiently or inappropriately\nv get rid of\nv run off as waste\nv get rid of (someone who may be a threat) by killing\nv spend extravagantly\nv lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief\nv cause to grow thin or weak\nv cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly\nv become physically weaker\ns serving no useful purpose; having no excuse for being\ns not used to good advantage\na (of an organ or body part) diminished in size or strength as a result of disease or injury or lack of use\ns very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold', 'a. 浪费的', ""'weistid""}"
admirable	['Now, why don’t you put that admirable cloak back on and get off to bed?”Harry stood up.“Sir — Professor Dumbledore?']	"{'admirable', ""'ædmәrәbl"", 'a. 可钦佩的, 极好的, 令人惊奇的', 's. deserving of the highest esteem or admiration\ns. inspiring admiration or approval'}"
woolen	['I see myself holding a pair of thick, woolen socks.”Harry stared.“One can never have enough socks,” said Dumbledore.']	"{'n. 毛制品\na. 羊毛的, 羊毛制的, 毛织的', 'woolen', ""'wulin"", 'a. of or related to or made of wool'}"
insist	['For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'It was a cutting from the Daily Prophet:GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATESTInvestigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown.Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken.', 'People will insist on giving me books.”It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful.', 'He had been held up by Madam Pomfrey’s fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full.']	"{""in'sist"", 'insist', 'v. 坚持, 坚决主张, 强调', 'v. be emphatic or resolute and refuse to budge\nv. assert to be true'}"
truthful	['People will insist on giving me books.”It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful.']	"{'a. 说真话的, 诚实的, 真实的, 如实的\n[法] 真实的, 说实话的, 诚实的', ""'tru:θful"", 'truthful', 'a. expressing or given to expressing the truth\ns. conforming to truth'}"
flamed	[]	{'v. （如感情）迸发( flame的过去式和过去分词 ); 燃烧; 变亮; 面红', 'imp. & p. p. of Flame', 'fleimd', 'flamed'}
disappearing	['Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter.“You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things.']	{'v. 不见, 消失( disappear的现在分词 ); 不复存在; 掩始; 隐显', 'disappearing', 'n the act of leaving secretly or without explanation\nv get lost, as without warning or explanation\nv become invisible or unnoticeable\nv cease to exist\nv become less intense and fade away gradually', 'ˌdisəˈpiərɪŋ'}
roaming	['She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (“If Filch had caught you!”), and disappointment that he hadn’t at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure he’d read the name somewhere.']	{'', '[计] 移动, 移象, 漫游', 'roaming', 'v move about aimlessly or without any destination, often in search of food or employment'}
disappointment	['She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (“If Filch had caught you!”), and disappointment that he hadn’t at least found out who Nicolas Flamel was.They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure he’d read the name somewhere.']	"{'n. 失望', 'n. a feeling of dissatisfaction that results when your expectations are not realized\nn. an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone', 'disappointment', "".disә'pɒintmәnt""}"
skimming	['Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks.', 'Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break.']	"{'skimming', ""'skimiŋ"", 'n. the act of removing floating material from the surface of a liquid\nn. failure to declare income in order to avoid paying taxes on it', 'n. 撇去浮沫, 略读\n[化] 贴胶'}"
dampen	['Even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn’t dampen his spirits.']	"{'dampen', ""'dæmpәn"", 'vt. 弄湿, 使沮丧\nvi. 变湿, 丧气', 'v. reduce the amplitude (of oscillations or waves)\nv. make vague or obscure or make (an image) less visible\nv. check; keep in check (a fire)\nv. lessen in force or effect'}"
fanatic	['The Weasleys complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on Wood’s side.']	"{'n. a person motivated by irrational enthusiasm (as for a cause)\ns. marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea', 'n. 狂热者, 盲信\na. 狂热的, 盲信的', 'fanatic', ""fә'nætik""}"
overtake	['If they won their next match, against Hufflepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven years.', 'He’s not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin.”The rest of the team landed next to George to complain, too.“It’s not my fault,” said Wood.']	"{'overtake', 'vt. 赶上, 突然降临于, 压倒, 代替', "".әuvә'teik"", 'v. catch up with and possibly overtake'}"
muddy	['Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after training.Then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, Wood gave the team a bit of bad news.']	"{""'mʌdi"", 'a. 泥泞的, 浑浊的, 模糊的\nvt. 使污浊, 使沾上泥污', 'muddy', 'v. dirty with mud\nv. cause to become muddy\nv. make turbid'}"
sinister	['You look terrible.”Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape’s sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.“Don’t play,” said Hermione at once.“Say you’re ill,” said Ron.“Pretend to break your leg,” Hermione suggested.“Really break your leg,” said Ron.“I can’t,” said Harry.']	"{""'sinistә"", 'a. 不吉利的, 凶恶的, 左边的\n[医] 左的', ""s. on or starting from the wearer's left"", 'sinister'}"
referee	['She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'Good luck, all of you.”Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his knees weren’t going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.Madam Hooch was refereeing.', 'Snape’s refereeing this time, and he’ll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!”George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.“Snape’s refereeing?” he spluttered through a mouthful of mud.', '“When’s he ever refereed a Quidditch match?', 'You look terrible.”Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snape’s sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.“Don’t play,” said Hermione at once.“Say you’re ill,” said Ron.“Pretend to break your leg,” Hermione suggested.“Really break your leg,” said Ron.“I can’t,” said Harry.', 'The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with such a biased referee?Harry didn’t know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went.', '“Why do you think he wanted to referee your next match?']	"{"".refә'ri:"", ""n. (sports) the chief official (as in boxing or American football) who is expected to ensure fair play\nn. an attorney appointed by a court to investigate and report on a case\nv. be a referee or umpire in a sports competition\nv. evaluate professionally a colleague's work"", 'referee', 'n. 仲裁人, 调解人, 裁判员\nv. 仲裁, 裁判'}"
stinking	['In stinking Slytherin.”Neville’s lips twitched in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog.“Thanks, Harry…I think I’ll go to bed.…D’you want the card, you collect them, don’t you?”As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.“Dumbledore again,” he said, “He was the first one I ever —”He gasped.']	"{""v be extremely bad in quality or in one's performance\nv smell badly and offensively\ns very bad\ns offensively malodorous"", ""'stiŋkiŋ"", 'stinking', 'a. 发恶臭的, 非常讨厌的, 烂醉如泥的'}"
dashing	['Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.“I never thought to look in here!” she whispered excitedly.', '“Even — blimey — Dumbledore’s come to watch!”Harry’s heart did a somersault.“Dumbledore?” he said, dashing to the door to make sure.', '“I brought Ron round — that took a while — and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall — he already knew — he just said, ‘Harry’s gone after him, hasn’t he?’ and hurtled off to the third floor.”“D’you think he meant you to do it?” said Ron.']	"{'a. 闯劲足的, 有力的', ""'dæʃiŋ"", 'dashing', 's. lively and spirited'}"
elixir	[]	"{'n. 炼金药, 不老长寿药, 万能药\n[化] 酏剂', 'n. a sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste\nn. a substance believed to cure all ills', ""i'liksә"", 'elixir'}"
drinker	['It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.There have been many reports of the Sorcerer’s Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'drinker', 'n. 饮者, 酒徒', 'n. a person who drinks liquids\nn. a person who drinks alcoholic beverages (especially to excess)', ""'driŋkә""}"
alchemist	['It also produces the Elixir of Life, which will make the drinker immortal.There have been many reports of the Sorcerer’s Stone over the centuries, but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr. Nicolas Flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover.']	"{""'ælkimist"", 'alchemist', 'n. 炼金术士\n[化] 炼丹家; 炼金术士', ""n. one who was versed in the practice of alchemy and who sought an elixir of life and a panacea and an alkahest and the philosopher's stone""}"
celebrated	['Mr. Flamel, who celebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight).“See?” said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.']	"{'s. widely known and esteemed\ns. having an illustrious past', ""'selibreitid"", 'celebrated', 'a. 驰名的, 有名的'}"
werewolf	['“He’s not exactly recent if he’s six hundred and sixty-five, is he?”The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still discussing what they’d do with a Sorcerer’s Stone if they had one.', 'Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves.Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.“Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?” Harry asked.“Not fast enough,” said Hagrid.', '“There’s summat in here that shouldn’ be.”“A werewolf?” Harry suggested.“That wasn’ no werewolf an’ it wasn’ no unicorn, neither,” said Hagrid grimly.']	"{'n. a monster able to change appearance from human to wolf and back again', ""'wә:wulf"", 'werewolf', 'n. 狼人, 豺狼般的人'}"
wipe	['Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, “I’m sorry, but I still don’t really know who you are.”The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.“Call me Hagrid,” he said, “everyone does.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'It was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue.“Urgh — troll boogers.”He wiped it on the troll’s trousers.A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up.', 'I’ll show them…it’ll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win.”“Just as long as we’re not wiping you off the field,” said Hermione.As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and Hermione.', 'Have a Chocolate Frog, I’ve got loads.…”Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, “That reminds me.']	{'n. 擦拭, 用力打, 凸轮\nvt. 擦, 揩, 消灭, 涂上, 拭去\nvi. 擦, 打', 'waip', 'wipe', 'v. rub with a circular motion'}
grim	['Harry hardly heard a word of Wood’s pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to Neville, who couldn’t understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the match.', '“There’s summat in here that shouldn’ be.”“A werewolf?” Harry suggested.“That wasn’ no werewolf an’ it wasn’ no unicorn, neither,” said Hagrid grimly.', 'I’d better go and took through my books, there might be something useful….”“But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.”“Not if I can help it,” said Hermione grimly.']	{'s. not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty', 'grim', 'a. 冷酷的, 坚强的, 残忍的, 可怕的, 讨厌的'}
secretly	['Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker Curse.']	"{'secretly', 'r. in secrecy; not openly\nr. not openly; inwardly', 'adv. 秘密地, 背地里', ""'si:kritli""}"
locomotor	[]	"{'locomotor', 'a of or relating to locomotion', 'a. 运动的, 移动的, 运转的\nn. 有运动力之物', "".lәukә'mәutә""}"
somersault	['“Even — blimey — Dumbledore’s come to watch!”Harry’s heart did a somersault.“Dumbledore?” he said, dashing to the door to make sure.']	"{'n. an acrobatic feat in which the feet roll over the head (either forward or backward) and return\nv. do a somersault', 'somersault', 'n. 筋斗\nvi. 翻筋斗', ""'sʌmәsɒ:lt""}"
broadly	['It was Malfoy.“Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn’t see you there.”Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.“Wonder how long Potter’s going to stay on his broom this time?']	"{'broadly', 'adv. 宽广地, 明白地, 无礼貌地', 'r. without regard to specific details or exceptions\nr. in a wide fashion', ""'brɒ:dli""}"
fixedly	['Hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.“You know how I think they choose people for the Gryffindor team?” said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.']	"{'fixedly', ""'fiksidli"", 'adv. 固定, 不变, 不动', 'r. in a fixed manner'}"
leaping	['Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!']	"{'leaping', 'n a light, self-propelled movement upwards or forwards\nv move forward by leaps and bounds\nv pass abruptly from one state or topic to another\nv jump down from an elevated point\nv cause to jump or leap', ""'li:piŋ"", 'a. 跳跃的, 跳跃而行的'}"
whirl	['Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'He whirled around.', 'Neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of his seat to help.“Come on, Harry!” Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at Snape — she didn’t even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches — the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember the Snitch being caught so quickly.“Ron!', 'After a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.“That one!” he called to the others.']	{'n. 回旋, 旋转, 急走, 眩晕\nvt. 使旋转, 使回旋, 卷走\nvi. 回旋, 旋转, 急走, 发晕', 'whirl', 'n. confused movement\nn. the shape of something rotating rapidly\nv. cause to spin\nv. fly around', 'hwә:l'}
hugging	['Gryffindor is in the lead!” shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground.', 'Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him.']	{'v. 热烈地拥抱, 抱住, 紧抱( hug的现在分词 ); 紧靠…走; 抱有, 持有; 缠紧, 缚紧（某物, 尤指人体）', 'n affectionate play (or foreplay without contact with the genital organs)\nv squeeze (someone) tightly in your arms, usually with fondness\nv fit closely or tightly', 'hugging', 'hʌɡɪŋ'}
whiteface	[]	{'', ' [地名] [美国] 怀特费斯', 'n. hardy English breed of dairy cattle raised extensively in United States\nn. a clown whose face is covered with white make-up', 'whiteface'}
brooding	['“Nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror...been keeping busy...excellent...”Snape spat bitterly on the ground.Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand back to the broomshed.']	"{'a. 沉思的；徘徊不去的', 'brooding', ""'bru:diŋ"", 'n. sitting on eggs so as to hatch them by the warmth of the body\ns. deeply or seriously thoughtful;'}"
blur	['The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.“Are you really Harry Potter?” Ron blurted out.Harry nodded.“Oh — well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George’s jokes,” said Ron.', 'He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.Harry had reached the shed.', 'So I told him, Fluffy’s a piece o’ cake if yeh know how to calm him down, jus’ play him a bit o’ music an’ he’ll go straight off ter sleep —”Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.“I shouldn’ta told yeh that!” he blurted out.', '“Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this…but he’s in London…I’ll be far away by the time he gets back…”All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.“I saw you and Snape in the forest —” he blurted out.“Yes,” said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back.']	{'n. a hazy or indistinct representation\nv. to make less distinct or clear\nv. make dim or indistinct\nv. become vague or indistinct', 'blә:', 'blur', 'vt. 使模糊, 弄脏\nvi. 弄脏, 模糊'}
hooded	['He’d done it, he’d shown Snape ....And speaking of Snape…A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle.', 'A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast.', 'The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry — unicorn blood was dribbling down its front.', 'Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.']	"{""'hudid"", 'a. 有罩盖的, 戴头巾的', 'hooded', 'v cover with a hood'}"
prowling	['He recognized the figure’s prowling walk.']	{'v move about in or as if in a predatory manner\nv loiter about, with no apparent aim', 'prowling', 'praʊlɪŋ', 'v. 小心翼翼地移动( prowl的现在分词 ); 徘徊; （动物）潜行（为捕猎等）; 潜行（图谋不轨等）'}
brushing	['He flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until he heard voices.']	"{'brushing', '[化] 刷涂\n[医] 创面电灼术, 干扰', ""'brʌʃiŋ"", 'n the act of brushing your teeth\nn the act of brushing your hair\nv rub with a brush, or as if with a brush\nv touch lightly and briefly\nv clean with a brush\nv sweep across or over\nv remove with or as if with a brush\nv cover by brushing'}"
noiselessly	['He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.']	"{""'nɔɪzləslɪ"", 'noiselessly', 'r. without a sound', 'adv. 无声地, 静静地'}"
beech	['He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree.He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn’t alone.']	{'n. any of several large deciduous trees with rounded spreading crowns and smooth grey bark and small sweet edible triangular nuts enclosed in burs; north temperate regions\nn. wood of any of various beech trees; used for flooring and containers and plywood and tool handles', 'n. 山毛榉\n[机] 山毛榉', 'bi:tʃ', 'beech'}
stuttering	['Harry couldn’t make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever.', 'Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?”Harry couldn’t take it in.']	{'', 'stuttering', 'v speak haltingly', 'n. 口吃, 结巴\n[医] 口吃, 讷吃'}
mumbling	['Quirrell was mumbling something.']	{'', 'n. indistinct enunciation\nn. ineffectual chewing (as if without teeth)', 'n. 喃喃；含糊话；晦涩词语', 'mumbling'}
singlehanded	[]	"{'', ""'siŋgl'hændid"", 'a. 单手的, 单独一人进行的, 独力的, 单独无助的', 'singlehanded'}"
hocus	"['He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say, “— your little bit of hocus-pocus.', ""He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy — and he said something about Quirrell’s ‘hocus pocus’ — I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through —”“So you mean the Stone’s only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape?” said Hermione in alarm.“It’ll be gone by next Tuesday,” said Ron.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER FOURTEENNORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACKQ uirrell, however, must have been braver than they’d thought.""]"	"{""'hәukәs"", 'hocus', 'vt. 欺骗, 麻醉', 'v. t. To deceive or cheat.\nv. t. To adulterate; to drug; as, liquor is said to be hocused\n   for the purpose of stupefying the drinker.\nv. t. To stupefy with drugged liquor.\nn. One who cheats or deceives.\nn. Drugged liquor.'}"
paler	['In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet.Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside.']	{'', 'n. (Paler)人名；(罗)帕勒尔\n灰白的\n暗淡的\n无力的（ pale的比较级 ）\n苍白的', 'paler', 's very light colored; highly diluted with white\ns (of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble\ns lacking in vitality or interest or effectiveness\ns abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress\ns not full or rich'}
thinner	['In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet.Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside.']	"{'n a diluting agent\na of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section\na lacking excess flesh\ns very narrow\ns not dense\na relatively thin in consistency or low in density; not viscous\na (of sound) lacking resonance or volume\ns lacking spirit or sincere effort\ns lacking substance or significance; a fragile claim to fame""', 'n. 稀释剂\n[化] 稀释剂', ""'θinә"", 'thinner'}"
growling	['In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet.Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was still growling inside.']	{'', 'n. a gruff or angry utterance (suggestive of the growling of an animal)', 'a. 咆哮的, 隆隆响的', 'growling'}
minded	['Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'This reminded Harry of something.', 'I think I’ll bully father into getting me one and I’ll smuggle it in somehow.”Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.“Have you got your own broom?” the boy went on.“No,” said Harry.“Play Quidditch at all?”“No,” Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.“I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not picked to play for my house, and I must say, I agree.', 'They reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick and kicked off from the ground.', '“Mind you, we did save her.”“She might not have needed saving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with her,” Harry reminded him.They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.“Pig snout,” they said and entered.The common room was packed and noisy.', '“In soccer you get shown the red card and you’re out of the game!”“But this isn’t soccer, Dean,” Ron reminded him.Hagrid, however, was on Dean’s side.“They oughta change the rules.', 'Harry and Ron wouldn’t have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same.“Hermione, the exams are ages away.”“Ten weeks,” Hermione snapped.', '“That’s not ages, that’s like a second to Nicolas Flamel.”“But we’re not six hundred years old,” Ron reminded her.', 'The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts.']	"{'a. 有意的, 有心的, 具有意志的', ""'maindid"", 's. (used in combination) mentally oriented toward something specified', 'minded'}"
longingly	['Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.“I’ll never remember this,” Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.']	"{'r. in a yearning manner', 'a. 渴望地, 切望地', 'longingly', ""'lɒŋɪŋlɪ""}"
dittany	[]	"{""'ditәni"", 'n. 白藓, 岩薄荷', 'dittany', 'n Eurasian perennial herb with white flowers that emit flammable vapor in hot weather'}"
shifty	['He looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.“Jus’ lookin’,” he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once.']	"{'a. 变化的\n[法] 善于应变的, 多策略的, 诡诈的', 's characterized by insincerity or deceit; evasive\ns changing position or direction', ""'ʃifti"", 'shifty'}"
suspicious	['“An’ what’re you lot up ter?” He looked suddenly suspicious.']	"{'suspicious', 's openly distrustful and unwilling to confide\ns not as expected', ""sә'spiʃәs"", 'a. 可疑的, 多疑的, 怀疑的\n[法] 怀疑的, 令人怀疑的, 可疑的'}"
impressively	['“Yer not still lookin’ fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?”“Oh, we found out who he is ages ago,” said Ron impressively.']	{'', 'adv. 令人难忘地；感人地', 'r. in an impressive manner', 'impressively'}
thoughtfully	['They’ll think I’ve told yeh —”“See you later, then,” said Harry.Hagrid shuffled off.“What was he hiding behind his back?” said Hermione thoughtfully.“Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?”“I’m going to see what section he was in,” said Ron, who’d had enough of working.', '“Sending you your father’s cloak and everything?”“Well, ” Hermione exploded, “if he did — I mean to say that’s terrible — you could have been killed.”“No, it isn’t,” said Harry thoughtfully.']	{'', 'thoughtfully', 'r. in a thoughtful manner\nr. showing consideration and thoughtfulness', 'adv. 沉思地；体贴地, 亲切地'}
specie	[]	"{'n coins collectively', 'specie', 'n. 硬币\n[经] 硬币', ""'spi:ʃi""}"
inferno	[]	"{'inferno', ""in'fә:nәu"", 'n any place of pain and turmoil; \nn a very intense and uncontrolled fire\nn (Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment', 'n. 地狱, 地狱似的地方'}"
tame	['It’s hard to stop Muggles from noticing us if we’re keeping dragons in the back garden — anyway, you can’t tame dragons, it’s dangerous.']	{'v. correct by punishment or discipline\ns. flat and uninspiring\na. very restrained or quiet\na. brought from wildness into a domesticated state', 'teim', 'tame', 'a. 驯服的, 柔顺的, 被开垦的, 顺从的, 乏味的, 平淡的\nvt. 驯养, 驯服, 制服, 失去锋芒\nvi. 变得驯服'}
hushing	['The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you.']	{'', 'hushing', 'n a fricative sound (especially as an expression of disapproval)\nv become quiet or still; fall silent\nv cause to be quiet or not talk\nv become quiet or quieter\nv wash by removing particles\nv run water over the ground to erode (soil), revealing the underlying strata and valuable minerals', 'n. 冲刷找矿法'}
stifling	['Hagrid called “Who is it?” before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.It was stifling hot inside.']	"{'a. 令人窒息的, 发闷的', 'n forceful prevention; putting down by power or authority\nv conceal or hide\nv smother or suppress\nv impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of\nv be asphyxiated; die from lack of oxygen\ns characterized by oppressive heat and humidity', 'stifling', ""'staifliŋ""}"
stoat	['Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which they refused.“So — yeh wanted to ask me somethin’?”“Yes,” said Harry.', 'I’ve got yeh a present.”“It’s not a stoat sandwich, is it?” said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.“Nah.']	{'n. the ermine in its brown summer coat with black-tipped tail', 'n. 白鼬', 'stoat', 'stәut'}
flattering	['Beats me how yeh even know abou’ Fluffy.”“Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here,” said Hermione in a warm, flattering voice.']	"{'a. 谄媚的, 讨人欢喜的', 'a. showing or representing to advantage', 'flattering', ""'flætәriŋ""}"
guarded	['If Snape had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it.']	"{'guarded', ""'gɑ:did"", 's. prudent', 'a. 被防护着的, 被监视着的, 警戒着的'}"
fiddling	['In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.“Ah,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “That’s — er…”“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” said Ron, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at the egg.']	"{""'fidliŋ"", 'fiddling', 's. (informal) small and of little importance', 'a. 拉小提琴的, 微小的, 无用的'}"
breathe	['Norris?” breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.It wasn’t Mrs. Norris.', 'Keep the egg in the fire, ‘cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an’ when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o’ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour.', 'Not until they’d stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again.', 'She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them.“I would never have believed it of any of you.', '“Shut up, I’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said Hermione.“Well, hurry up, I can’t breathe!” Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around his chest.“Devil’s Snare, Devil’s Snare…what did Professor Sprout say?', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.', 'Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from Quirrell’s turban.']	{'vi. 呼吸, 生存, 低语\nvt. 呼吸, 使喘息, 发散, 低声说', 'breathe', 'v. draw air into, and expel out of, the lungs\nv. be alive\nv. impart as if by breathing\nv. allow the passage of air through', 'bri:ð'}
brandy	['He managed to say, “Go — cupboard — stay — no meals,” before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch.', 'Keep the egg in the fire, ‘cause their mothers breathe on I em, see, an’ when it hatches, feed it on a bucket o’ brandy mixed with chicken blood every half hour.', 'There were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.“I’ve decided to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes.', 'Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.“He’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” said Hagrid in a muffled voice.']	"{'n. distilled from wine or fermented fruit juice', 'brandy', ""'brændi"", 'n. 白兰地酒\n[化] 白兰地'}"
humming	['He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.“Wonder what it’s like to have a peaceful life,” Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting.']	"{'humming', 'a. 发嗡嗡声的, 哼着唱的, 精力旺盛的, 热气腾腾的, (酒)起泡的\n[电] 交流声', ""'hʌmiŋ"", 'n. the act of singing with closed lips'}"
hatching	['He had written only two words: It’s hatching.Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut.', 'Hermione wouldn’t hear of it.“Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatching?”“We’ve got lessons, we’ll get into trouble, and that’s nothing to what Hagrid’s going to be in when someone finds out what he’s doing—”“Shut up!” Harry whispered.Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.']	"{'hatching', 'n. 阴影, 影线\n[机] 剖面线', 'n the production of young from an egg\nn shading consisting of multiple crossing lines\nv emerge from the eggs\nv devise or invent\nv inlay with narrow strips or lines of a different substance such as gold or silver, for the purpose of decorating\nv draw, cut, or engrave lines, usually parallel, on metal, wood, or paper\nv sit on (eggs)', ""'hætʃiŋ""}"
bated	['Something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.They all drew their chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath.All at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open.']	{'', 'bated', 'a. 减少, 减弱, 抑制, 压低, 降低, (英)(非正式)大怒', 's. diminished or moderated'}
spiny	['Its spiny wings were huge compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.It sneezed.']	"{'spiny', 'a having spines\ns having or covered with protective barbs or quills or spines or thorns or setae etc.', 'a. 多刺的, 尽是尖刺的, 尖刺状的, 麻烦的, 棘手的', ""'spaini""}"
mommy	['It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.']	"{'n informal terms for a mother', 'n. 妈咪', 'mommy', ""'mɒmi""}"
drained	['It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs.“Bless him, look, he knows his mommy!” said Hagrid.“Hagrid,” said Hermione, “how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow, exactly?”Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face — he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.“What’s the matter?”“Someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — he’s runnin’ back up ter the school.”Harry bolted to the door and looked out.', 'He turned to face the black flames.“Here I come,” he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body.']	{'drained', 'a. emptied or exhausted of (as by drawing off e.g. water or other liquid)', 'v. （使）流干, （使）逐渐流走( drain的过去式和过去分词 ); 喝光, 喝干; 使（精力、金钱等）耗尽', 'dreɪnd'}
curling	['“I know what this is — it’s Devil’s Snare!”“Oh, I’m so glad we know what it’s called, that’s a great help,” snarled Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck.']	"{'n. a game played on ice in which heavy stones with handles are slid toward a target', 'curling', 'n. (苏格兰)冰上溜石游戏, 头发的拳曲, 蜷缩', ""'kә:liŋ""}"
gamekeeping	['Hagrid hadn’t been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy.']	
lullaby	['And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby.”There was a tap on the dark window.“It’s Hedwig!” said Harry, hurrying to let her in.']	"{'n. 摇篮曲, 催眠曲, 轻柔的音乐', 'n. a quiet song intended to lull a child to sleep\nn. the act of singing a quiet song to lull a child to sleep', ""'lʌlәbai"", 'lullaby'}"
hitch	['Anything to get rid of Norbert — and Malfoy.There was a hitch.']	{'hitʃ', 'n. 猛拉, 急推, 蹒跚, 故障\nvt. 猛拉, 系住\nvi. 蹒跚, 被钩住', 'n. a connection between a vehicle and the load that it pulls\nn. a knot that can be undone by pulling against the strain that holds it; a temporary knot\nn. the uneven manner of walking that results from an injured leg\nv. to hook or entangle', 'hitch'}
swollen	['By the next morning, Ron’s bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size.']	"{'a. 肿大的, 涨水的, 夸张的, 骄傲的\nswell的过去分词', 'swollen', ""'swәulәn"", 'v increase in size, magnitude, number, or intensity\nv become filled with pride, arrogance, or anger\nv expand abnormally\nv come up (as of feelings and thoughts, or other ephemeral things)\nv come up, as of a liquid\nv cause to become swollen\ns characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance'}"
soothe	['He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me — I’ve told her it was a dog, but I don’t think she believes me — I shouldn’t have hit him at the Quidditch match, that’s why he’s doing this.”Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.“It’ll all be over at midnight on Saturday,” said Hermione, but this didn’t soothe Ron at all.']	{'vt. 缓和, 使安静, 安慰, 奉承\nvi. 起安慰作用', 'v. cause to feel better', 'soothe', 'su:ð'}
sweat	"['Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly.Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting old sweater of Dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls).', 'C’mere and help!”With the twins’ help, Harry’s trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment.“Thanks,” said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.“What’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry’s lightning scar.“Blimey,” said the other twin.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'They didn’t stop running until they reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.“Where on earth have you all been?” she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.“Never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward.', 'I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.“Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”“That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.This only left one parcel.', 'He didn’t feel like sharing it with anyone else yet.“Merry Christmas!”“Hey, look — Harry’s got a Weasley sweater, too!”Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G.“Harry’s is better than ours, though,” said Fred, holding up Harry’s sweater.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', 'Get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all wearing ours, even Harry got one.”“I — don’t — want —” said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater over his head, knocking his glasses askew.“And you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said George.', '“Christmas is a time for family.”They frog-marched Percy from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater.Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.', 'On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.“Midnight on Saturday!” he said in a hoarse voice.', 'Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.“Firenze!” Bane thundered.', 'Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.', '“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']"	{'n. condensation of moisture on a cold surface\nv. excrete perspiration through the pores in the skin', 'n. 汗, 汗水, 水珠, 焦急\nvi. 出汗, 渗出, 冒出水气, 结水珠, 烦恼, 懊恼\nvt. 使出汗, 流出, 榨出, 使汗流浃背', 'sweat', 'swet'}
hoarse	['On the contrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat.“Midnight on Saturday!” he said in a hoarse voice.', 'Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.', 'Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points — exactly the same as Slytherin.']	{'a. 沙哑的, 嘶哑的\n[医] 声嘶的', 's deep and harsh sounding as if from shouting or illness or emotion', 'hoarse', 'hɒ:s'}
boarhound	['“Back, Fang.”He let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound.There was only one room inside.', 'And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.”They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.“I won’t let you in,” he puffed.']	"{'n. large hound used in hunting wild boars', 'n. 用以猎野猪的大猎狗', 'boarhound', ""'bɒ:haund""}"
puffed	['And we have got the invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn’t know about that.”They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.“I won’t let you in,” he puffed.']	"{'', 'v smoke and exhale strongly\nv suck in or take (air)\nv breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted\nv make proud or conceited\nv praise extravagantly\nv speak in a blustering or scornful manner\nv to swell or cause to enlarge, ""Her faced puffed up from the drugs""\nv blow hard and loudly\ns gathered for protruding fullness', 'puffed', 'a. 疏松的'}"
rattle	['He was rattled.', 'Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows.', 'They hadn’t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of them.It was Peeves.', 'While the Gryffindor common room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.', 'It’s all right, he only got my boot — jus’ playin’ — he’s only a baby, after all.”The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle.']	"{'vt. 使嘎嘎响, 喋喋不休地说\nvi. 格格响, 喋喋不休\nn. 格格声, 拨浪鼓, 喋喋不休的话', 'rattle', ""'rætl"", ""n. a rapid series of short loud sounds (as might be heard with a stethoscope in some types of respiratory disorders)\nn. a baby's toy that makes percussive noises when shaken\nn. loosely connected horny sections at the end of a rattlesnake's tail\nv. make short successive sounds""}"
grappling	['Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away.']	"{'=grapnel grappling iron (打捞用的)抓机, 爪钩', 'n the act of engaging in close hand-to-hand combat\nn the sport of hand-to-hand struggle between unarmed contestants who try to throw each other down\nv come to terms with\nv to grip or seize, as in a wrestling match', 'grappling', ""'^ræpliŋ""}"
tartan	['A lamp flared.Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear.“Detention!” she shouted.']	"{'n. 格子呢, 方格花纹, 单桅小帆船\na. 格子呢的', ""'tɑ:tn"", 'tartan', 'n. a cloth having a crisscross design'}"
detention	['Hermione did a sort of jig.“Malfoy’s got detention!', 'No more dragon — Malfoy in detention — what could spoil their happiness?The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs.', 'All three of you will receive detentions — yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around school at night, especially these days, it’s very dangerous — and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor.”“Fifty?” Harry gasped — they would lose the lead, the lead he’d won in the last Quidditch match.“Fifty points each,” said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose.“Professor — please —”“You can’t —”“Don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Potter.', 'They were all the same:Your detention will take place at eleven o’clock tonight.Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.Professor McGonagallHarry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they’d lost.', 'Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too.“Follow me,” said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.“I bet you’ll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won’t you, eh?” he said, leering at them.']	"{'detention', ""di'tenʃәn"", 'n. 阻止, 监禁, 拘留\n[医] 隔离, 拘留, 滞留, 停滞', 'n. a state of being confined (usually for a short time)\nn. a punishment in which a student must stay at school after others have gone home'}"
utter	['Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair.None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window.At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.“Little tyke,” chortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house.', 'He chuckled and muttered, “I should have known.”He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket.', 'You don’t think they’re watching the house?”“Watching — spying — might be following us,” muttered Uncle Vernon wildly.“But what should we do, Vernon?', 'Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.“Shake ’em off…shake ’em off,” he would mutter whenever he did this.They didn’t stop to eat or drink all day.', 'The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack Hagrid’s coat.“Don’t do that.”Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.“Hagrid!” said Harry loudly.', 'Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he’d never had so many questions in his life.“Ministry o’ Magic messin’ things up as usual,” Hagrid muttered, turning the page.“There’s a Ministry of Magic?” Harry asked, before he could stop himself.“’Course,” said Hagrid.', 'Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', '“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.', 'Hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.“Three up…two across…” he muttered.', 'Well, well, well…how curious…how very curious…”He put Harry’s wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, “Curious…curious…“Sorry,” said Harry, “but what’s curious?”Mr.', 'In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters.', 'They were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said, “Anything off the cart, dears?”Harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron’s ears went pink again and he muttered that he’d brought sandwiches.', 'Ron looked taken aback.“Er — all right.”He cleared his throat.“Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow,Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.”He waved his wand, but nothing happened.', 'Nobody in my family’s magic at all, it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I mean, it’s the very best school of witchcraft there is, I’ve heard — I’ve learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it will be enough — I’m Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you?”She said all this very fast.Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either.“I’m Ron Weasley,” Ron muttered.“Harry Potter,” said Harry.“Are you really?” said Hermione.', 'Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch.“And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death.”Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.“He’s not serious?” he muttered to Percy.“Must be,” said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.', 'Too tired to talk much, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed.“Great food, isn’t it?” Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.', 'This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harry’s plate.', 'That’s another point you’ve lost for Gryffindor.”This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.“Don’t push it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.”As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’s mind was racing and his spirits were low.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'He couldn’t miss it.“Half-past eleven,” Ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.”They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room.', 'Neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room.“They’re in here somewhere,” they heard him mutter, “probably hiding.”“This way!” Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.', 'Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering.I — told — you,” Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, “I — told — you.”“We’ve got to get back to Gryffindor tower,” said Ron, “quickly as possible.”“Malfoy tricked you,” Hermione said to Harry.', 'They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the parcel.Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or they’ll all want one.', 'It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings.“This,” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the most important ball of the lot.', 'Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.', 'It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room.“The keys in the lock,” Harry muttered.', 'Five points from Gryffindor.”“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away.', 'Out of the corner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the crowd.', 'Neck and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch — all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to watch.Harry was faster than Higgs — he could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — he put on an extra spurt of speed —WHAM!', 'He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath.“He’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said Hermione.“What should we do?”“Leave it to me.”Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.', 'Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.', 'He was cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn’t take his eyes off you.”“Rubbish,” said Hagrid, who hadn’t heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.', 'Snape’s refereeing this time, and he’ll be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!”George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.“Snape’s refereeing?” he spluttered through a mouthful of mud.', '“I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.”“Light?” said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to herself.At last she found what she was looking for.“I knew it!', 'They’d gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.“Now, don’t forget, it’s Locomotor Mortis,” Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve.“I know,” Ron snapped.', 'Harry couldn’t make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering worse than ever.', 'Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell’s stutter.Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer’s Stone.', 'Not even one of the teachers?”“Not a soul knows except me an’ Dumbledore,” said Hagrid proudly.“Well, that’s something,” Harry muttered to the others.', 'Where’s Mommy?”“He’s lost his marbles,” Ron muttered in Harry’s ear.“Hagrid,” said Harry loudly, “give it two weeks and Norbert’s going to be as long as your house.', 'Harry Potter’s coming — he’s got a dragon!”“What utter rubbish!', 'He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth.', 'The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn’t pick them up.“How do you know —?” she spluttered.“Professor, I think — I know — that Sn— that someone’s going to try and steal the Stone.', 'Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do.Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.“Better get the cloak,” Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning.', '“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.', 'It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.', 'He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones.“We’re nearly there,” he muttered suddenly.', 'Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.', 'Next to him, who would suspect p-p-poor, st-stuttering P-Professor Quirrell?”Harry couldn’t take it in.', 'I’d have managed it before then if Snape hadn’t been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.”“Snape was trying to save me?”“Of course,” said Quirrell coolly.']	"{""'ʌtә"", 'a. 全然的, 绝对的, 完全的\nvt. 发出声音, 做声, 发表, 发射, 流通', 'utter', 'v. express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words)\nv. put into circulation'}"
easiest	['Come on — I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!”The steep spiral staircase up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that.']	"{""'i:ziist"", 'easiest', 'a posing no difficulty; requiring little effort\ns not hurried or forced\na free from worry or anxiety\ns affording pleasure\ns having little impact\ns readily exploited or tricked\ns in fortunate circumstances financially; moderately rich\ns marked by moderate steepness\ns affording comfort\ns casual and unrestrained in sexual behavior\ns less in demand and therefore readily obtainable\ns obtained with little effort or sacrifice, often obtained illegally', 'a. 轻松的；容易的'}"
thrashing	['I could sing!”“Don’t,” Harry advised her.Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his crate.', 'There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by.']	"{'n. a sound defeat', ""'θræʃiŋ"", 'thrashing', 'n. 鞭打, 打谷\n[计] 系统颠簸, 抖动'}"
cheery	['About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness.Charlie’s friends were a cheery lot.']	"{'a. 愉快的', ""'tʃiәri"", 'cheery', 's. bright and pleasant; promoting a feeling of cheer'}"
harness	['They showed Harry and Hermione the harness they’d rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.']	"{'n. a support consisting of an arrangement of straps for holding something to the body (especially one supporting a person suspended from a parachute)\nn. stable gear consisting of an arrangement of leather straps fitted to a draft animal so that it can be attached to and pull a cart\nv. put a harness\nv. exploit the power of', 'n. 马具, 挽具状带子, 甲胄\nvt. 给...上挽具, 驾驭, 披上甲胄, 利用...以产生动力', 'harness', ""'hɑ:nis""}"
suspend	['Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible.', 'They showed Harry and Hermione the harness they’d rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.']	"{'suspend', 'v. hang freely\nv. cause to be held in suspension in a fluid\nv. bar temporarily; from school, office, etc.\nv. make inoperative or stop', 'vt. 悬, 吊, 使悬浮, 暂停, 中止, 推迟\nvi. 暂停, 中止, 悬浮, 停止偿付债务\n[计] 暂停', ""sә'spend""}"
fifteenth	[]	"{""'fif'ti:nθ"", 'fifteenth', 'num. 第十五, 十五分之一', 'n. position 15 in a countable series of things\ns. coming next after the fourteenth and just before the sixteenth in position'}"
cornered	['They were cornered.']	"{'cornered', 'a. 有...角的', 'v gain control over\nv force a person or an animal into a position from which he cannot escape\nv turn a corner\ns forced to turn and face attackers', ""'kɔ:nәd""}"
creeping	['There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes.', 'Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.']	"{""'kri:piŋ"", 'n. 爬行\na. 爬行的', 'n a slow mode of locomotion on hands and knees or dragging the body\nv move slowly; in the case of people or animals with the body near the ground\nv to go stealthily or furtively\nv grow or spread, often in such a way as to cover (a surface)\nv show submission or fear', 'creeping'}"
violently	['“I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to catch you, he said you had a drag—”Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor McGonagall had seen.']	"{""'vaiәlәntli"", 'violently', 'adv. 猛烈地, 激烈地, 极端地', 'r. in a violent manner'}"
blundering	['Poor, blundering Neville — Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them.“I’m disgusted,” said Professor McGonagall.']	"{""v commit a faux pas or a fault or make a serious mistake\nv make one's way clumsily or blindly\nv utter impulsively"", 'a. 粗笨的, 易犯错的', 'blundering', ""'blʌndәriŋ""}"
ashamed	['I’ve never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.”A hundred and fifty points lost.', 'He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.“Resign?” Wood thundered.']	"{'a. feeling shame or guilt or embarrassment or remorse', ""ә'ʃeimd"", 'ashamed', 'a. 惭愧的, 羞耻的'}"
admired	['And then the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lost them all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years.From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, Harry was suddenly the most hated.']	"{'s. regarded with admiration', 'v. 羡慕, 赞美；钦佩（admire的过去分词）\na. 受人钦佩的；感到羡慕的', ""əd'maɪəd"", 'admired'}"
longing	['And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.“The gold ones are Galleons,” he explained.', 'Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work.“I’ll never remember this,” Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.', 'Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the house cup.']	"{""'lɒŋiŋ"", 'n. prolonged unfulfilled desire or need', 'n. 渴望, 热望, 憧憬\na. 渴望的, 热望的', 'longing'}"
meddle	['Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time they’ve been here, and people still like them.”“They’ve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they?” said Harry miserably.“Well — no,” Ron admitted.It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that weren’t his business from now on.']	"{'vi. 干涉, 干预, 擅自摸弄\n[法] 干预, 插手, 弄乱', 'meddle', ""v. intrude in other people's affairs or business; interfere unwantedly"", ""'medl""}"
resign	['He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditch team.“Resign?” Wood thundered.']	"{'resign', 'v. accept as inevitable', ""ri'zain"", 'vt. 辞职, 放弃, 使顺从\nvi. 辞职, 屈从'}"
misery	['All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery.', 'We might have ter put it out of its misery.”“And what if whatever hurt the unicorn finds us first?” said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voice.“There’s nothin’ that lives in the forest that’ll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang,” said Hagrid.']	"{'n. 痛苦, 悲惨, 不幸, 穷困', 'n. a state of ill-being due to affliction or misfortune\nn. a feeling of intense unhappiness', ""'mizәri"", 'misery'}"
memorize	['He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions....Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test.']	"{'v. commit to memory; learn by heart', 'vt. 记住, 熟记, 背熟', 'memorize', ""'memәraiz""}"
whimpering	['Walking back from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead.']	"{""'wɪmpərɪŋ"", 'v cry weakly or softly', 'whimpering', 'v. （微弱或惊恐地）啜泣, 呜咽( whimper的现在分词 ); 啜泣或呜咽着说; 幽咽'}"
kindling	['So what do we do, Harry?”The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron’s eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry could.“Go to Dumbledore.']	"{""'kindliŋ"", 'n. 点火, 发火, 兴奋', 'n. material for starting a fire', 'kindling'}"
sacked	['It’s not exactly a secret we hate him, Dumbledore’ll think we made it up to get him sacked.', '‘course, he shoulda sacked me instead — anyway, got yeh this.…”It seemed to be a handsome, leather-covered book.']	{'sacked', '', 'v plunder (a town) after capture\nv terminate the employment of; discharge from an office or position\nv make as a net profit\nv put in a sack\ns having been robbed and destroyed by force and violence', 'v. 解雇；洗劫；把…装进袋里；睡觉（sack的过去分词）\na. 袋装的；被洗劫的'}
furor	['They were all the same:Your detention will take place at eleven o’clock tonight.Meet Mr. Filch in the entrance hall.Professor McGonagallHarry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they’d lost.']	"{'n. a sudden outburst (as of protest)', 'n. 喧闹, 激怒, 感动, 狂热\n[医] 狂乱, 狂暴, 狂怒', ""'fjuәrɒ:"", 'furor'}"
deserved	['Like Harry, she felt they deserved what they’d got.At eleven o’clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville.']	"{'v be worthy or deserving\na properly deserved', 'deserved', ""di'zә:vd"", 'a. 应得的, 理所当然的, 该受的'}"
pity	['“Oh yes…hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me….It’s just a pity they let the old punishments die out…hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I’ve got the chains still in my office, keep ‘em well oiled in case they’re ever needed…Right, off we go, and don’t think of running off, now, it’ll be worse for you if you do.”They marched off across the dark grounds.']	"{'n. an unfortunate development', 'n. 遗憾, 同情, 怜悯, 憾事, 可惜\nvt. 同情, 怜悯\nvi. 觉得可怜, 有同情心', 'pity', ""'piti""}"
oiled	['He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs.The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he’d never been allowed to eat as much as he liked.', 'A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce – and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table.', '“Oh yes…hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me….It’s just a pity they let the old punishments die out…hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a few days, I’ve got the chains still in my office, keep ‘em well oiled in case they’re ever needed…Right, off we go, and don’t think of running off, now, it’ll be worse for you if you do.”They marched off across the dark grounds.']	{'oiled', 'a. 涂油的, 用油防水的, 浸油的\n[机] 涂油的, 擦油', 'ɒild', 'a. treated with oil'}
sniffing	['Neville kept sniffing.']	{'sniffing', '', 'v perceive by inhaling through the nose\nv inhale audibly through the nose', '[计] 测错'}
studding	[]	"{'v scatter or intersperse like dots or studs\nv provide with or construct with studs', 'studding', 'n. 板墙筋', ""'stʌdiŋ""}"
mistaken	['Well, think again, boy — it’s into the forest you’re going and I’m much mistaken if you’ll all come out in one piece.”At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.“The forest?” he repeated, and he didn’t sound quite as cool as usual.']	"{'v identify incorrectly\nv to make a mistake or be incorrect\ns wrong in e.g. opinion or judgment\ns arising from error', 'a. 犯错的, 错误的\nmistake的过去分词', ""mis'teikәn"", 'mistaken'}"
moan	['Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.“This is boring,” Dudley moaned.', 'Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs.“Idiot boy!” snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.', '“It’s for your own good, you know.”“Get out of the way,” snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a big mistake.“STUDENTS OUT OF BED!” Peeves bellowed, “STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR!”Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the corridor where they slammed into a door — and it was locked.“This is it!” Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, “We’re done for!', 'Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditch field at seven o’clock for your first training session.Professor McGonagallHarry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read.“A Nimbus Two Thousand!” Ron moaned enviously.', 'They were off.“And the Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor — what an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too —”“JORDAN!”“Sorry, Professor.”The Weasley twins’ friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.“And she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes — Flint flying like an eagle up there — he’s going to sc— no, stopped by an excellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle — that’s Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint, off up the field and — OUCH — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a Bludger — Quaffle taken by the Slytherins — that’s Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he’s blocked by a second Bludger — sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding Bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — GRYFFINDORS SCORE!”Gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins.“Budge up there, move along.”“Hagrid!”Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join them.“Bin watchin’ from me hut,” said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around his neck, “But it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', '“Come on, get it on, they’re lovely and warm.”“I hate maroon,” Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.“You haven’t got a letter on yours,” George observed.', 'just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.“It’s here — just here — yes!”They pushed the door open.', 'Well, think again, boy — it’s into the forest you’re going and I’m much mistaken if you’ll all come out in one piece.”At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks.“The forest?” he repeated, and he didn’t sound quite as cool as usual.']	{'n. 呻吟, 悲叹\nvi. 呻吟, 抱怨, 悲叹\nvt. 呻吟着说', 'moan', 'mәun', 'n an utterance expressing pain or disapproval\nv indicate pain, discomfort, or displeasure'}
cracking	['“We can’t go in there at night — there’s all sorts of things in there — werewolves, I heard.”Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry’s robe and made a choking noise.“That’s your problem, isn’t it?” said Filch, his voice cracking with glee.', 'Harry’s seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.']	"{'cracking', 'n. 裂解, 分解\na. 敏捷的, 很好的\nadv. 非常, 极其', ""'krækiŋ"", 'n. the process whereby heavy molecules of naphtha or petroleum are broken down into hydrocarbons of lower molecular weight (especially in the oil-refining process)'}"
snot	[]	{'n. 鼻水, 鼻涕, 惹人嫌的人, 蛮横无理的话', 'snɒt', 'n. nasal mucus', 'snot'}
gaze	['He didn’t see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.', 'He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze.“Right then,” said Hagrid, “now, listen carefully, ‘cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ I don’ want no one takin’ risks.', 'Ruddy stargazers.']	{'geiz', 'n. 注视, 凝视\nvi. 注视, 凝视', 'gaze', 'n. a long fixed look\nv. look at with fixed eyes'}
winding	['Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees.', 'There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.“You all right, Hermione?” Hagrid whispered.']	"{'winding', ""'waindiŋ"", 'n. 绕, 卷, 弯曲, 线圈\na. 蜿蜒的, 卷绕的, 弯曲的', 'n the act of winding or twisting\nv to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course\nv extend in curves and turns\nv arrange or or coil around\nv catch the scent of; get wind of\nv coil the spring of (some mechanical device) by turning a stem\nv form into a wreath\nv raise or haul up with or as if with mechanical help\ns marked by repeated turns and bends\ns of a path e.g.'}"
staggering	[]	"{'staggering', ""v walk as if unable to control one's movements\nv walk with great difficulty\nv to arrange in a systematic order\nv astound or overwhelm, as with shock\ns so surprisingly impressive as to stun or overwhelm"", ""'stægәriŋ"", 'a. 蹒跚的, 巨大的, 惊人的\n[电] 参差'}"
coward	['There’s blood all over the place, it must’ve bin staggerin’ around since last night at least.”“I want Fang,” said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang’s long teeth.“All right, but I warn yeh, he’s a coward,” said Hagrid.']	"{""'kauәd"", 'coward', 'n. 懦弱的人, 胆小的人', 'n. a person who shows fear or timidity\nn. English dramatist and actor and composer noted for his witty and sophisticated comedies (1899-1973)'}"
mossy	['I never knew one ter be hurt before.”They walked past a mossy tree stump.']	"{'s overgrown with moss\ns (used pejoratively) out of fashion; old fashioned', 'mossy', ""'mɒsi"", 'a. 生苔的, 似苔的, 陈腐的'}"
stump	['There was somethin’ goin’ on that night he hadn’t counted on — I dunno what it was, no one does — but somethin’ about you stumped him, all right.”Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake.', 'Harry glanced at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermione’s hand had shot into the air.“I don’t know, sir,” said Harry.Snape’s lips curled into a sneer.“Tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything.”He ignored Hermione’s hand.“Let’s try again.', 'His stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid’s bag.Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom.', 'I never knew one ter be hurt before.”They walked past a mossy tree stump.']	{'n. the base part of a tree that remains standing after the tree has been felled\nn. the part of a limb or tooth that remains after the rest is removed\nn. (cricket) any of three upright wooden posts that form the wicket\nv. cause to be perplexed or confounded', 'n. 残株, 树桩, 烟蒂, 讲演台\nvt. 砍断, 挑战, 难住\nvi. 蹒跚而走', 'stʌmp', 'stump'}
grimly	['“There’s summat in here that shouldn’ be.”“A werewolf?” Harry suggested.“That wasn’ no werewolf an’ it wasn’ no unicorn, neither,” said Hagrid grimly.', 'I’d better go and took through my books, there might be something useful….”“But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too.”“Not if I can help it,” said Hermione grimly.']	"{""'grimli"", 'grimly', 'r. in a grim implacable manner', 'adv. 严格地, 冷酷地, 可怕地'}"
chestnut	['To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail.']	"{'n. 栗子, 栗树, 栗色\na. 栗色的', ""'tʃesnʌt"", 'chestnut', 'n. wood of any of various chestnut trees of the genus Castanea\nn. any of several attractive deciduous trees yellow-brown in autumn; yield a hard wood and edible nuts in a prickly bur\nn. edible nut of any of various chestnut trees of the genus Castanea\nn. the brown color of chestnuts'}"
reddish	['To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail.']	"{'s of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies', 'a. 微红的, 略带红色的', 'reddish', ""'rediʃ""}"
centaur	['“How are yeh?”He walked forward and shook the centaur’s hand.“Good evening to you, Hagrid,” said Ronan.', 'He’s a centaur.“We’d noticed,” said Hermione faintly.“Good evening,” said Ronan.', 'At last, he said, “The forest hides many secrets.”A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.“Hullo, Bane,” said Hagrid.', 'We’ll be off, then.”Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.“Never,” said Hagrid irritably, “try an’ get a straight answer out of a centaur.', 'They’re deep, mind, centaurs…they know things…jus’ don’ let on much.”“D’you think that was a centaur we heard earlier?” said Harry.“Did that sound like hooves to you?', 'A centaur was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.“Are you all right?” said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.“Yes — thank you — what was that?”The centaur didn’t answer.', '“The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs.', 'Anyway, who says the centaurs are right?']	"{'n. 半人半马的怪物, 半人马座', 'n. (classical mythology) a mythical being that is half man and half horse', 'centaur', ""'sentɒ:""}"
sorrowful	['He had a deep, sorrowful voice.']	"{'a. experiencing or marked by or expressing sorrow especially that associated with irreparable loss', 'a. 悲伤的', 'sorrowful', ""'sɒrәuful""}"
bodied	['At last, he said, “The forest hides many secrets.”A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.“Hullo, Bane,” said Hagrid.']	"{'bodied', ""'bɔdid"", 'a. 有形的；有躯体的', 'a. having a body or a body of a specified kind; often used in combination\ns. possessing or existing in bodily form'}"
bane	['He had looked through his books at the Dursleys’, but did Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi?Snape was still ignoring Hermione’s quivering hand.“What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?”At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling.“I don’t know,” said Harry quietly.', 'As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite.']	{'n. 祸根, 毒药, 灭亡的原因, 灭亡\n[医] 毒物, 毒, 毒药', 'n. something causing misery or death', 'bein', 'bane'}
undergrowth	['“Stay on the path, I’ll come back for yeh!”They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them.“You don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered Hermione.“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if something’s got Neville…it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.”The minutes dragged by.']	"{'n. 下层丛林, 生于大树下的矮树, 发育不全', ""'ʌndәgrәuθ"", 'n the brush (small trees and bushes and ferns etc.) growing beneath taller trees in a wood or forest', 'undergrowth'}"
sharper	['Their ears seemed sharper than usual.']	"{""'ʃɑ:pә"", 'n a professional card player who makes a living by cheating at card games\ns (of something seen or heard) clearly defined\ns ending in a sharp point\ns having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions\ns marked by practical hardheaded intelligence\ns harsh\ns having or emitting a high-pitched and sharp tone or tones\ns extremely steep\na keenly and painfully felt; as if caused by a sharp edge or point\na having or made by a thin edge or sharp point; suitable for cutting or piercing\na (of a musical note) raised in pitch by one chromatic semitone\ns very sudden and in great amount or degree\ns quick and forceful', 'n. 骗子, 欺诈者, 赌棍\n[法] 欺骗者, 欺诈犯', 'sharper'}"
sigh	"['There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn’t a map in sight.', 'Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise.', 'For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him.', 'They were the only things in the room that looked as though they’d never been touched.From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don’t want him in there…I need that room…make him get out...”Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed.', '“Right, stand back, Harry.”He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella.The brick he had touched quivered — it wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — it grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.“Welcome,” said Hagrid, “to Diagon Alley.”He grinned at Harry’s amazement.', ""Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SIXTHE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERSH arry’s last month with the Dursleys wasn’t fun."", 'He passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “Gran, I’ve lost my toad again.”“Oh, Neville,” he heard the old woman sigh.A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd.“Give us a look, Lee, go on.”The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train.', 'Their mother had just taken out her handkerchief.“Ron, you’ve got something on your nose.”The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose.“Mom — geroff” He wriggled free.“Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?” said one of the twins.“Shut up,” said Ron.“Where’s Percy?” said their mother.“He’s coming now.”The oldest boy came striding into sight.', 'Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.“Yeh’ll get yer firs’ sight o’ Hogwarts in a sec,” Hagrid called over his shoulder, “jus’ round this bend here.”There was a loud “Oooooh!”The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake.', 'At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry’s name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.Professor McGonagall was again different.', 'His broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight.Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.“Broken wrist,” Harry heard her mutter.', 'Potter, follow me, now.”Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle’s triumphant faces as he left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall’s wake as she strode toward the castle.', 'He caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight.“Shut up, Peeves — please — you’ll get us thrown out.”Peeves cackled.“Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties?', 'He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.“Wow,” Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry’s bedspread.Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful.', 'They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight.It was a horrible sight.', 'This was part of his and Wood’s game plan.“Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch,” Wood had said.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'But in all the confusion, of course, the Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, “Send him off, ref!', 'Harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight.', 'The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the creeps.The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library.', 'His mother and father beamed at the sight of him.“See?” Harry whispered.“I can’t see anything.”“Look!', 'Look at them all…there are loads of them.…”“I can only see you.”“Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am.”Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn’t see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.“Look at me!” he said.“Can you see all your family standing around you?”“No — I’m alone — but I’m different — I look older — and I’m head boy!”“What?”“I am — I’m wearing the badge like Bill used to — and I’m holding the house cup and the Quidditch cup — I’m Quidditch captain, too.”Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at Harry.“Do you think this mirror shows the future?”“How can it?', 'Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadn’t noticed him.“I — I didn’t see you, sir.”“Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.“So,” said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised.”“I didn’t know it was called that, Sir.”“But I expect you’ve realized by now what it does?”“It — well — it shows me my family —”“And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.”“How did you know —?”“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently.', 'Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.“Don’t talk to me for a moment,” said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, “I need to concen—” He caught sight of Harry’s face.“What’s the matter with you?', 'He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire.So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.“Wonder what it’s like to have a peaceful life,” Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting.', 'He strode out of sight; Harry didn’t think Quirrell had even noticed him.', 'Well, that’s something.” Ronan sighed.', 'He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again.“Always the innocent are the first victims,” he said.', 'Harry’s seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.', '“No more studying,” Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass.', '“Neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.”He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight.“Go on then, try and hit me!” said Neville, raising his fists.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.', 'Then he said, “Sir, there are some other things I’d like to know, if you can tell me…things I want to know the truth about.…”“The truth.” Dumbledore sighed.', 'But why would he want to kill me in the first place?”Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.“Alas, the first thing you ask me, I cannot tell you.', 'It was a sickening sight.“Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin,” said Dumbledore.', 'Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.“You must be Harry’s family!” said Mrs. Weasley.“In a manner of speaking,” said Uncle Vernon.']"	{'n. 叹息\nvi. 叹息, 渴望\nvt. 叹息着说', 'n. an utterance made by exhaling audibly\nn. a sound like a person sighing\nv. heave or utter a sigh; breathe deeply and heavily\nv. utter with a sigh', 'sai', 'sigh'}
fuming	['Hagrid was fuming.']	"{'', ""v be mad, angry, or furious\nv emit a cloud of fine particles\nv treat with fumes, expose to fumes, especially with the aim of disinfecting or eradicating pests\nv be wet with sweat or blood, as of one's face"", '[医] 熏的, 熏蒸的', 'fuming'}"
panicked	['Neville had panicked and sent up the sparks.“We’ll be lucky ter catch anythin’ now, with the racket you two were makin’.']	{'', 'v be overcome by a sudden fear\nv cause sudden fear in or fill with sudden panic\ns thrown into a state of intense fear or desperation', 'vt. 使恐慌（panic的过去式与过去分词形式）', 'panicked'}
inched	"['All this ‘You-Know-Who’ nonsense — for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort.” Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.', ""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'They inched closer.It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead.']"	{'inched', 'v advance slowly, as if by inches', 'a. 有英寸刻度的；英寸的', 'intʃt'}
slender	['Its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves.Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood.']	"{""'slendә"", 'slender', 's. being of delicate or slender build\ns. very narrow\ns. having little width in proportion to the length or height\ns. small in quantity', 'a. 苗条的, 纤弱的, 微少的, 微薄的\n[机] 细的, 纤细的'}"
stalking	['A bush on the edge of the clearing quivered.…Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast.']	{'', 'stalking', 'n. 围捕；潜行追踪', 'n a hunt for game carried on by following it stealthily or waiting in ambush\nn the act of following prey stealthily\nv walk stiffly\nv follow stealthily or recur constantly and spontaneously to\nv go through (an area) in search of prey'}
cloaked	['The cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animal’s side, and began to drink its blood.“AAAAAAAAAARGH!”Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted — so did Fang.']	{'kləukt', 's. having its true character concealed with the intent of misleading\ns. covered with or as if with clothes or a wrap or cloak', 'v. 遮盖, 掩盖( cloak的过去式和过去分词 )', 'cloaked'}
earthen	[]	"{'a. 土制的, 陶制的', ""'ә:θәn"", 'earthen', 'a. made of earth (or baked clay)'}"
pierced	['It got to its feet and came swiftly toward Harry — he couldn’t move for fear.Then a pain like he’d never felt before pierced his head; it was as though his scar were on fire.']	{'piәst', 'pierced', 'v. 穿通, 刺过（pierce的过去分词形式）', 's. having a hole cut through'}
blinded	['Half blinded, he staggered backward.']	{'s. deprived of sight', ' blind（使变瞎；使失明）的过去式及过去分词 ', 'blamd', 'blinded'}
palomino	['A centaur was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body.“Are you all right?” said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.“Yes — thank you — what was that?”The centaur didn’t answer.']	"{"".pælә'mi:nәu"", 'n. a horse of light tan or golden color with cream-colored or white mane and tail', 'palomino', 'n. 帕洛米诺马'}"
astonishingly	['He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires.']	"{'astonishingly', ""ə'stɔniʃiŋli"", 'adv. 令人惊讶地', ""r in an amazing manner; to everyone's surprise""}"
livid	['He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on Harry’s forehead.“You are the Potter boy,” he said.']	"{""'livid"", 'livid', 'a. 铁青的\n[医] 青紫的', 's. (of a light) imparting a deathlike luminosity\ns. furiously angry'}"
heaving	['Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty.“Firenze!” Bane thundered.']	"{'n an upward movement (especially a rhythmical rising and falling)\nn breathing heavily (as after exertion)\nn the act of lifting something with great effort\nn throwing something heavy (with great effort)\nv utter a sound, as with obvious effort\nv throw with great effort\nv rise and move, as in waves or billows\nv lift or elevate\nv move or cause to move in a specified way, direction, or position\nv breathe noisily, as when one is exhausted\nv bend out of shape, as under pressure or from heat\nv make an unsuccessful effort to vomit; strain to vomit', 'heaving', 'v. 举起（重物）；举起抛出；使起伏；恶心（heave的ing形式）', ""'hi:vinŋ""}"
mule	['Are you a common mule?”“Do you realize who this is?” said Firenze.']	{'mju:l', 'n. hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse; usually sterile\nn. a slipper that has no fitting around the heel', 'n. 骡, 倔强之人', 'mule'}
foretold	['Centaurs are concerned with what has been foretold!']	"{""fɔ:'tәuld"", 'foretold', 'v foreshadow or presage\nv make a prediction about; tell in advance\nv indicate by signs', 'foretell的过去式和过去分词'}"
stray	['You can start collecting.”Ron’s eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped.“Help yourself,” said Harry.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!”Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.“Do you not see that unicorn?” Firenze bellowed at Bane.']	{'stray', 'n. 走失的家畜, 浪子\na. 迷途的, 偶然的\nvi. 迷路, 彷徨, 流浪', 'strei', 'n. an animal that has strayed (especially a domestic animal)\nv. wander from a direct course or at random\ns. (of an animal) having no home or having wandered away from home'}
hind	['His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice.', 'Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away.', 'He was usually the one who held people’s arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them.', 'But all he’d tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors.', 'Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone.', '“Oh, I see — so you’ve never been to Brazil?”As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump.', 'Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere, on the table.They heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat.“Get the mail, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.“Make Harry get it.”“Get the mail, Harry.”“Make Dudley get it.”“Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.”Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', 'H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive —’”With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him.', 'Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.', 'Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.', 'It’s not been an easy journey.…”He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.“Budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger.Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.“An’ here’s Harry!” said the giant.Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.“Las’ time I saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant.', 'Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them.Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.“Shouldn’ta lost me temper,” he said ruefully, “but it didn’t work anyway.', 'He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.“I don’t know how the Muggles manage without magic,” he said as they climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops.Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep close behind him.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.', 'While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry’s list again.“Just yer wand left — A yeah, an’ I still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.”Harry felt himself go red.“You don’t have to —”“I know I don’t have to.', 'Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile.“Don’ you worry, Harry.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.', 'He didn’t know what he was going to — but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind.The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in.“Anyone sitting there?” he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry.', 'The twins slid the compartment door shut behind them.“Are you really Harry Potter?” Ron blurted out.Harry nodded.“Oh — well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George’s jokes,” said Ron.', '’Course, everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case You-Know-Who’s behind it.”Harry turned this news over in his mind.', 'Any second now, Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom.Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air — several people behind him screamed.“What the —?”He gasped.', 'One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall.“Now, form a line,” Professor McGonagall told the first years, “and follow me.”Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall.Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.', 'Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.', 'He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries.', 'He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “GOT YOUR CONK!”Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus Filch.', 'Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.', 'Professor Binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.', 'For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn’t miles behind everyone else.', 'Our new — celebrity.”Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands.', 'That’s another point you’ve lost for Gryffindor.”This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked him behind their cauldron.“Don’t push it,” he muttered, “I’ve heard Snape can turn very nasty.”As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry’s mind was racing and his spirits were low.', 'They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.“What’s going on?”“Malfoy’s got my Remembrall, Professor.”Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.“Just looking,” he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him.At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson.', 'He mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him — and in a rush of fierce joy he realized he’d found something he could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful.', 'She wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.', 'Professor McGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.“Potter, this is Oliver Wood.', 'You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us.”“Anyway, we’ve got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he’s found a new secret passageway out of the school.”“Bet it’s that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week.', '“And it’s really thanks to Malfoy here that I’ve got it,” he added.Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion.“Well, it’s true,” Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “If he hadn’t stolen Neville’s Remembrall I wouldn’t be on the team.…”“So I suppose you think that’s a reward for breaking rules?” came an angry voice from just behind them.', 'Stay close behind me, now.', 'They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them.“Percy!” hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape.', 'It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape.Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the troll’s neck from behind.', 'Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.', 'Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.“Hi, Hagrid, want any help?” Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches.“Nah, I’m all right, thanks, Ron.”“Would you mind moving out of the way?” came Malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them.', 'Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose — that hut of Hagrid’s must seem like a palace compared to what your family’s used to.”Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.“WEASLEY!”Ron let go of the front of Malfoy’s robes.“He was provoked, Professor Snape,” said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.', 'His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.But the room was empty.', 'Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror.There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there, reflected behind him, were at least ten others.', 'A woman standing right behind his reflection was smiling at him and waving.', 'He reached out a hand and felt the air behind him.', 'He looked behind him.', '“Let’s find an empty room, you wait ’til you hear this....”He made sure Peeves wasn’t inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what he’d seen and heard.“So we were right, it is the Sorcerer’s Stone, and Snape’s trying to force Quirrell to help him get it.', 'What are you doing in the library?”Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back.', 'They’ll think I’ve told yeh —”“See you later, then,” said Harry.Hagrid shuffled off.“What was he hiding behind his back?” said Hermione thoughtfully.“Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?”“I’m going to see what section he was in,” said Ron, who’d had enough of working.', 'Hagrid called “Who is it?” before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.It was stifling hot inside.', '“Don’ worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’s this badly hurt, an’ then we’ll be able ter — GET BEHIND THAT TREE!”Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak.', 'At last, he said, “The forest hides many secrets.”A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan.“Hullo, Bane,” said Hagrid.', 'Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.', 'He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over Harry, charging at the figure.The pain in Harry’s head was so bad he fell to his knees.', 'It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest!”Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on.“Do you not see that unicorn?” Firenze bellowed at Bane.', 'I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.”And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.Harry didn’t have a clue what was going on.“Why’s Bane so angry?” he asked.', 'Harry, are you all right?”Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her.“I’m fine,” said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.', 'I hope this is one of those times.”He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him.Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return.', 'Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers.', 'Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.', 'But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.', '“We’ve got to play our way across the room.”Behind the white pieces they could see another door.“How?” said Hermione nervously.“I think,” said Ron, “we’re going to have to be chessmen.”He walked up to a black knight and put his hand out to touch the knight’s horse.', '“What do we have to do?”They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.', 'I need to examine this interesting mirror.”It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell.', 'Tried to frighten me — as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side….”Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.“I see the Stone…I’m presenting it to my master…but where is it?”Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn’t give.', 'I must look and lie about what I see, that’s all.Quirrell moved close behind him.', 'Sir, quick —”“Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times,” said Dumbledore.', 'A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.', 'Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.“You must be Harry’s family!” said Mrs. Weasley.“In a manner of speaking,” said Uncle Vernon.']	{'n. any of several mostly spotted fishes that resemble groupers\nn. a female deer, especially an adult female red deer', 'hind', 'n. 雌鹿\na. 后部的, 在后的', 'haind'}
alongside	['I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.”And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.Harry didn’t have a clue what was going on.“Why’s Bane so angry?” he asked.']	"{'r side by side', 'adv. 在旁边, 靠拢着\nprep. 在...旁边, 与...在一起', ""ә'lɒŋ'said"", 'alongside'}"
slay	['“We’ve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions.”“That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,” said Firenze.']	{'v kill intentionally and with premeditation', 'slei', 'v. 杀害, 残杀', 'slay'}
slain	['You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.']	"{'slain', 'slein', 'slay的过去分词', 'n. people who have been slain (as in battle)\ns. killed; `slain\' is formal or literary as in ""slain warriors""'}"
defenseless	['You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.']	"{'defenseless', ""di'fenslis"", 'a. 无防备的', 's. lacking protection or support\ns. lacking weapons for self-defense\nr. without defense'}"
cursed	['You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.', '“If you’re going to be cursed forever, death’s better, isn’t it?”“It is,” Firenze agreed, “unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else — something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean you can never die.', 'He’d seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.Quirrell cursed under his breath.“I don’t understand…is the Stone inside the mirror?', '“I — I’ve won the house cup for Gryffindor.”Quirrell cursed again.“Get out of the way,” he said.']	{'a. 被诅咒的', 'kә:st', 'cursed', 'a. deserving a curse; sometimes used as an intensifier\ns. in danger of the eternal punishment of Hell'}
dappled	['You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.']	"{'a. 斑纹的, 花斑的', 'dappled', ""'dæpld"", 's. having spots or patches of color'}"
clung	['But I don’t understand who —”“Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?”It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry’s heart.']	{'clung', 'cling的过去式和过去分词', 'klʌŋ', 'v come or be in close contact with; stick or hold together and resist separation\nv to remain emotionally or intellectually attached\nv hold on tightly or tenaciously'}
wrongly	['“The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs.']	{'', 'adv. 错误地, 不恰当地, 不正确地, 不正直地, 不公正地', 'r. without justice or fairness', 'wrongly'}
shivering	['I hope this is one of those times.”He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him.Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to return.']	"{""'ʃivәriŋ"", 'n a sensation of cold that often marks the start of an infection and the development of a fever\nv tremble convulsively, as from fear or excitement\nv shake, as from cold\ns vibrating slightly and irregularly; as e.g. with fear or cold or like the leaves of an aspen in a breeze', 'shivering', 'n. 发抖, 打碎\n[医] 战栗'}"
backbone	[]	"{'n. 脊椎, 志气, 骨干, 支柱\n[计] 主干网, 主干网点', 'n. fortitude and determination\nn. the part of a network that connects other networks together', ""'bækbәun"", 'backbone'}"
feverishly	['He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.']	"{'feverishly', 'adv. 兴奋地', ""'fi:vәriʃli"", 'r. in a feverish manner'}"
fortunetelling	[]	"{'fortunetelling', ""n. the practice of predicting people's futures (usually for payment)"", ""'fɔ:tʃәn,teliθ"", 'n. 算命'}"
imprecise	['It sounds like fortune-telling to me, and Professor McGonagall says that’s a very imprecise branch of magic.”The sky had turned light before they stopped talking.']	"{'a. 不严密的, 不精确的, 不明确的', 'a. not precise', 'imprecise', "".impri'saiz""}"
exhausted	['They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore.']	"{'exhausted', ""iɡ'zɔ:stid"", 'a. 耗尽的；疲惫的', 's. drained of energy or effectiveness; extremely tired; completely exhausted\na. depleted of energy, force, or strength\ns. drained physically'}"
sore	['They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore.', '“But five minutes only.”And she let Ron and Hermione in.“Harry!”Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.“Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to — Dumbledore was so worried —”“The whole school’s talking about it,” said Ron.']	{'n. an open skin infection', 'sɒ:', 'sore', 'a. 悲伤的, 痛的, 引起痛苦的\nn. 痛处, 溃疡, 疮'}
sweltering	['Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers.']	"{'s. excessively hot and humid or marked by sweating and faintness', ""'sweltәriŋ"", 'sweltering', 'a. 闷热的, 热得难受的, 中暑的'}"
pineapple	['Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across a desk.']	"{'n. 凤梨, 菠萝, 失业救济金\n[医] 凤梨, 波萝', 'n. a tropical American plant bearing a large fleshy edible fruit with a terminal tuft of stiff leaves; widely cultivated in the tropics\nn. large sweet fleshy tropical fruit with a terminal tuft of stiff leaves; widely cultivated', ""'pain.æpl"", 'pineapple'}"
snuffbox	['Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox — points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers.']	"{""'snʌfbɒks"", 'n. 鼻烟盒', 'n. a small ornamental box for carrying snuff in your pocket', 'snuffbox'}"
forgetfulness	[]	{'', '[计] 忽视', 'forgetfulness', 'n. tendency to forget\nn. unawareness caused by neglectful or heedless failure to remember'}
stabbing	['Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the forest.']	"{'a. (疼痛)剧烈而突然的', ""'stæbiŋ"", 's. causing physical or especially psychological injury', 'stabbing'}"
dripping	['Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.']	"{'n. 滴, 滴下物, 水滴', ""'dripiŋ"", 'dripping', 'n. a liquid (as water) that flows in drops (as from the eaves of house)'}"
fret	['The idea of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn’t keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn’t have much time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.Their very last exam was History of Magic.']	{'n. agitation resulting from active worry\nn. an ornamental pattern consisting of repeated vertical and horizontal lines (often in relief)\nn. a small bar of metal across the fingerboard of a musical instrument; when the string is stopped by a finger at the metal bar it will produce a note of the desired pitch\nv. be agitated or irritated', 'n. 烦躁, 磨损, 焦急, 网状饰物\nvi. 烦恼, 不满, 磨损\nvt. 使烦恼, 腐蚀, 使磨损, 使起波纹', 'fret'}
batty	['One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards who’d invented selfstirring cauldrons and they’d be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out.']	"{""'bæti"", 's informal or slang terms for mentally irregular', 'a. 疯癫的, 古怪的, 蝙蝠的', 'batty'}"
flocking	['When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.']	"{'v move as a crowd or in a group\nv come together as in a cluster or flock', 'n. 羊毛屑, 棉屑, 植绒图样', 'flocking', ""'flɒkiŋ""}"
uprising	['“I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.”Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree.']	"{""n organized opposition to authority; a conflict in which one faction tries to wrest control from another\nv come into existence; take on form or shape\nv ascend as a sound\nv rise up as in fear\nv rise to one's feet\nv come up, of celestial bodies\nv move upward\nv return from the dead\nv get up and out of bed"", ""'ʌpraiziŋ"", 'uprising', 'n. 起义, 升起\n[法] 起义, 暴动'}"
tickling	['The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.']	"{""'tikliŋ"", '[医] 撩痒', 's. exciting by touching lightly so as to cause laughter or twitching movements', 'tickling'}"
squid	['The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.']	{'n. (Italian cuisine) squid prepared as food\nn. widely distributed fast-moving ten-armed cephalopod mollusk having a long tapered body with triangular tail fins', 'skwid', 'n. 枪乌贼, 鱿鱼, 反潜水雷发射装置\n[电] 超导量子干涉元件', 'squid'}
shallow	['The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.']	"{'v. make shallow\nv. become shallow\na. lacking physical depth; having little spatial extension downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or outward from a center\na. not deep or strong; not affecting one deeply', 'shallow', 'n. 水浅的地方, 浅滩\na. 浅的, 肤浅的\nv. (使)变浅', ""'ʃælәu""}"
unsettled	['I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered we’d done that one.”Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn’t have anything to do with work, though.']	"{'a. still in doubt\na. not settled or established\ns. not yet settled', 'unsettled', 'a. 不整齐的, 未处理的, 未决定的\n[法] 未决的, 未定的, 怀疑的', "".ʌn'setld""}"
betray	['Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.']	"{'v. reveal unintentionally\nv. deliver to an enemy by treachery', 'betray', ""bi'trei"", 'vt. 出卖, 背叛, 辜负, 暴露\n[法] 出卖, 背叛, 泄漏'}"
grassy	['“We’ve got to go and see Hagrid, now.”“Why?” panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.“Don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?']	"{'a. 草绿色的, 象草的, 长满草的', 'grassy', 'a. abounding in grass', ""'græsi""}"
wander	['The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Dudley’s favorite sport: Harry Hunting.This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope.', 'It was Hermione Granger.“Can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said Ron.Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.“I couldn’t help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying —”“Bet you could,” Ron muttered.“— and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose Gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be.', 'It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he’d be learning to play that night.', 'Harry wandered over to the Restricted Section.', 'There was a suit of armor near the kitchens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there.“You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody’s been in the library Restricted Section.”Harry felt the blood drain out of his face.', 'They tried retracing Harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.“I’m freezing,” said Ron.', 'Filch, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around.', '“I needn’t have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduct or the uprising of Elfric the Eager.”Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree.', 'How many people wander around with dragon eggs if it’s against wizard law?', 'They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.“Be warned, Potter — any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled.', 'He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like singing.He ran back down to the common room.“We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —”“What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room.']	"{'v. go via an indirect route or at no set pace', 'vi. 游荡, 漫步, 徘徊, 迷路, 离题, 蜿蜒\nvt. 在...漫游', ""'wɒndә"", 'wander'}"
shelling	['Why didn’t I see it before?”“What are you talking about?” said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the grounds toward the forest, didn’t answer.Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.“Hullo,” he said, smiling.']	"{'shelling', 'n the heavy fire of artillery to saturate an area rather than hit a specific target\nv use explosives on\nv create by using explosives\nv fall out of the pod or husk\nv hit the pitches of hard and regularly\nv look for and collect shells by the seashore\nv come out better in a competition, race, or conflict\nv remove from its shell or outer covering\nv remove the husks from', ""'ʃeliŋ"", 'n. 去壳, 谷壳, 贝壳的采集, 炮轰'}"
fishy	['They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.“We’ll just have to —” Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall.“What are you three doing inside?”It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.“We want to see Professor Dumbledore,” said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.“See Professor Dumbledore?” Professor McGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do.']	"{'a. 鱼似的, 多鱼的, 腥臭的, 呆滞的', 'fishy', 'a. of or relating to or resembling fish\ns. not as expected', ""'fiʃi""}"
tumbled	['He didn’t blame her — if he’d had a sister like that…but all the same, those people in cloaks.…He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five o’clock, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door.“Sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell.', '“Abbott, Hannah!”A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down.', 'He stumbled backward and knocked over his lamp, which went out at once.', 'The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn’t pick them up.“How do you know —?” she spluttered.“Professor, I think — I know — that Sn— that someone’s going to try and steal the Stone.', 'He stumbled backward.“Don’t be a fool,” snarled the face.']	{'v fall down, as if collapsing\nv cause to topple or tumble by pushing\nv roll over and over, back and forth\nv fly around\nv fall apart\nv throw together in a confused mass\nv understand, usually after some initial difficulty\nv fall suddenly and sharply\nv put clothes in a tumbling barrel, where they are whirled about in hot air, usually with the purpose of drying\nv suffer a sudden downfall, overthrow, or defeat\nv do gymnastics, roll and turn skillfully', 'v. 倒塌( tumble的过去式和过去分词 ); 翻滚; 突然摔倒; <非正>恍然大悟', 'ˈtʌmbld', 'tumbled'}
suspicion	['I’ve got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.”She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion.“Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow,” she said finally.']	"{'n. 怀疑, 觉察, 嫌疑\n[法] 怀疑, 疑心, 嫌疑', 'suspicion', 'n. the state of being suspected\nn. being of a suspicious nature', ""sә'spiʃәn""}"
urgently	['What happened?” Harry asked urgently.The anger faded from Hagrid’s face.', 'Good day to you.”He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.“Right, here’s what we’ve got to do,” he whispered urgently.']	{'', 'urgently', 'r. with great urgency', 'adv. 急切地；迫切地；紧急地'}
fourteen	['“You can pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwick, you know.” He put on a high voice, “‘Oh Professor Flitwick, I’m so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong….’”“Oh, shut up,” said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for Snape.“And we’d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,” Harry told Ron.']	"{'num. 十四, 十四个', 'n. the cardinal number that is the sum of thirteen and one\ns. being one more than thirteen', ""'fɒ:'ti:n"", 'fourteen'}"
separating	['No sooner had they reached the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.“I suppose you think you’re harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!” she stormed.']	"{""v act as a barrier between; stand between\nv force, take, or pull apart\nv mark as different\nv separate into parts or portions\nv divide into components or constituents\nv arrange or order by classes or categories\nv make a division or separation\nv discontinue an association or relation; go different ways\nv go one's own way; move apart\nv become separated into pieces or fragments\nv treat differently on the basis of sex or race\nv come apart\nv divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork"", ""'sepәreitiŋ"", 'separating', '[计] 分离的, 分隔的'}"
pocketed	['He pocketed it to use on Fluffy — he didn’t feel much like singing.He ran back down to the common room.“We’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of us – if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own —”“What are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the room.']	{'ˈpɔkitid', 'pocketed', 'imp. & p. p. of Pocket', ' [体]运动员被挤在人群里'}
hurriedly	['Neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked as though he’d been making another bid for freedom.“Nothing, Neville, nothing,” said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind his back.Neville stared at their guilty faces.“You’re going out again,” he said.“No, no, no,” said Hermione.']	{'', 'hurriedly', 'adv. 仓促地；匆忙地', 'r. in a hurried or hasty manner'}
steeling	['Gryffindor will be in even more trouble.”“You don’t understand,” said Harry, “this is important.”But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.I won’t let you do it,” he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole.']	"{""'sti:liŋ"", 'steeling', 'n. 包钢；用钢作刀口', 'v get ready for something difficult or unpleasant\nv cover, plate, or edge with steel'}"
exasperation	['And you were the one who told me to stand up to people!”“Yes, but not to us,” said Ron in exasperation.']	"{""ig.zæspә'reiʃәn"", 'n. 恼怒, 恼怒的原因', 'n. actions that cause great irritation (or even anger)', 'exasperation'}"
rigid	['His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board.Hermione ran to turn him over.']	"{""'ridʒid"", 'a. 坚硬的, 刚性的, 严格的, 精密的, 刻板的', 's. incapable of or resistant to bending\ns. incapable of compromise or flexibility\na. designating an airship or dirigible having a form maintained by a stiff unyielding frame or structure', 'rigid'}"
motionless	['“Oh, Neville, I’m so sorry.”“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Harry.“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen.']	"{'a. 不动的, 静止的\n[机] 不动的, 静止的', 'motionless', 's not in physical motion', ""'mәuʃәnlis""}"
omen	"['He didn’t look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it.“Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.”He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone.', 'They’re a kind of Muggle sweet I’m rather fond of.”“No, thank you,” said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn’t think this was the moment for lemon drops.', ""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too.Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long.', 'Is that all right”Dudley thought for a moment.', '’Atta boy, Dudley!” He ruffled Dudley’s hair.At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR.', '“He always sp-spoils everything!” He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother’s arms.Just then, the doorbell rang — “Oh, good Lord, they’re here!” said Aunt Petunia frantically — and a moment later, Dudley’s best friend, Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother.', 'It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon’s car and crushed it into a trash can — but at the moment it didn’t look in the mood.', 'This was supposed to be good training for later life.As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.', 'For a moment it looked as though she might faint.', 'Didn’t we swear when we took him in we’d stamp out that dangerous nonsense?”That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he’d never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.“Where’s my letter?” said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed through the door.', 'Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets.', 'Then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone.Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.“Where was I?” said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.“He’s not going,” he said.Hagrid grunted.“I’d like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him,” he said.“A what?” said Harry, interested.“A Muggle,” said Hagrid, “it’s what we call nonmagic folk like them.', 'He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were clenched.“Now, you listen here, boy,” he snarled, “I accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdoes, no denying it, and the world’s better off without them in my opinion — asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what I expected, always knew they’d come to a sticky end —”But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his coat.', 'Nah, we’re best left alone.”At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall.', 'A few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry.', 'Hagrid was beaming.Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.“Doris Crockford, Mr. Potter, can’t believe I’m meeting you at last.”“So proud, Mr. Potter, I’m just so proud.”“Always wanted to shake your hand — I’m all of a flutter.”“Delighted, Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you, Diggle’s the name, Dedalus Diggle.”“I’ve seen you before!” said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle’s top hat fell off in his excitement.', 'He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten.At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a few words of what they were saying.“— packed with Muggles, of course —”Harry swung round.', 'He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.“Are all your family wizards?” asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.“Er — Yes, I think so,” said Ron.', 'I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting.”Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville’s cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron’s smudged nose.', 'He hadn’t expected something like this the moment they arrived.', 'The hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Harry didn’t feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment.', 'A moments pause —“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted the hat.The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table.', 'A moment later the desserts appeared.', ""Harry told the turban he didn’t want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully — and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it — then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didn’t remember the dream at all.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER EIGHTTHE POTIONS MASTERT here, look.”“Where?”“Next to the tall kid with the red hair.”“Wearing the glasses?”“Did you see his face?”“Did you see his scar?”Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day."", 'Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.“Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at Hogwarts,” she said.', 'She opened the door and poked her head inside.“Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?”Wood?', 'For a moment, he was sure he’d walked into a nightmare — this was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far.They weren’t in a room, as he had supposed.', 'Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.', 'A moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear.', 'Then, none of them looking at each other, they all said “Thanks,” and hurried off to get plates.But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend.', 'Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors.Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing in green).Wood cleared his throat for silence.“Okay, men,” he said.“And women,” said Chaser Angelina Johnson.“And women,” Wood agreed.', 'Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the Weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.“All right there, Harry?” he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger furiously toward Marcus Flint.“Slytherin in possession,” Lee Jordan was saying, “Chaser Pucey ducks two Bludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the Snitch?”A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear.Harry saw it.', 'They had been looking for two weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it wasn’t surprising they’d found nothing.', 'Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.“Don’t talk to me for a moment,” said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, “I need to concen—” He caught sight of Harry’s face.“What’s the matter with you?', 'If I back out, Gryffindor can’t play at all.”At that moment Neville toppled into the common room.', 'Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.”Hagrid bit his lip.“I — I know I can’t keep him forever, but I can’t jus’ dump him, I can’t.”Harry suddenly turned to Ron.', 'Madam Pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.“It’s too late to change the plan now,” Harry told Hermione.', 'When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.“Harry!” Neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two.', 'Follow me over here a moment.”He led them to the very edge of the forest.', 'You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your lips.”Harry stared at the back of Firenze’s head, which was dappled silver in the moonlight.“But who’d be that desperate?” he wondered aloud.', 'Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very moment?”“The Sorcerer’s Stone!', ""There was a note pinned to it:Just in case.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER SIXTEENTHROUGH THE TRAPDOORI n years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment."", '“Oh, Neville, I’m so sorry.”“We had to, Neville, no time to explain,” said Harry.“You’ll understand later, Neville,” said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak.But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen.', '“Snape must have left it there.”“It must wake up the moment you stop playing,” said Harry.', 'In the few seconds’ silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell back into its deep sleep.Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.', 'She had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles.', 'The moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that it had been caught twice.“Ready?” Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle.', 'He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn’t feel them — for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire — then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.There was already someone there — but it wasn’t Snape.', 'Should I break it?”Harry’s mind was racing.What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does.', 'But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him.', 'For one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had.', 'The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.', 'He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at him.Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later.']"	"{'n. a sign of something about to happen', 'n. 预兆, 前兆, 征兆\nvt. 预示, 有...的前兆, 显出...的预兆', ""'әumәn"", 'omen'}"
skulking	['At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top.“Oh, let’s kick her, just this once,” Ron whispered in Harry’s ear, but Harry shook his head.']	{'p. pr. & vb. n. of Skulk', 'v. <贬>潜伏, 偷偷摸摸地走动, 鬼鬼祟祟地活动( skulk的现在分词 )', 'skʌlkɪŋ', 'skulking'}
beastie	['Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.']	"{'', ""'bi:sti"", 'n. 动物,小动物', 'beastie'}"
unseen	['Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?”He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them.“Should call Filch, I should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.”Harry had a sudden idea.“Peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible.”Peeves almost fell out of the air in shock.']	"{"".ʌn'si:n"", 'a. 未被看见的, 看不见的', 'unseen', 'n a belief that there is a realm controlled by a divine spirit\ns not observed'}"
bloodiness	['He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.“So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir,” he said greasily.']	"{'bloodiness', 'n. 残忍, 残酷, 血污', 'n. the state of being bloody\nn. a disposition to shed blood', ""'blʌdinis""}"
greasily	['He caught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs.“So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, Sir,” he said greasily.']	"{'r. in a greasy manner', 'adv. 多脂, 油腻腻, 滑溜溜地', ""'gri:zili"", 'greasily'}"
impress	['This seemed to cheer Ron up.“…and until Hagrid told me, I didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort —”Ron gasped.“What?” said Harry.“You said You-Know-Who’s name!” said Ron, sounding both shocked and impressed.', 'They were all very impressed and couldn’t wait to get started, but soon realized they weren’t going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.', '“Wood told me.”Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.“I start training next week,” said Harry.', 'Then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick.', '“Yer not still lookin’ fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?”“Oh, we found out who he is ages ago,” said Ron impressively.', '“Hope your business goes well, Baron, I’ll not bother you.”And he scooted off.“Brilliant, Harry!” whispered Ron.A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar.“Well, there you are,” Harry said quietly, “Snape’s already got past Fluffy.”Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was facing them.', '— ‘to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.’”“I always said he was off his rocker,” said Ron, looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was.“So what happened to you two?” said Harry.“Well, I got back all right,” said Hermione.']	"{'n. the act of coercing someone into government service\nv. impress positively\nv. produce or try to produce a vivid impression of\nv. mark or stamp with or as if with pressure', ""im'pres"", 'impress', 'n. 印象, 特征, 印记\nvt. 使有印象, 印, 铭刻, 传送, 影响, 强征\nvi. 给人印象'}"
harp	['After all, they normally pretended she didn’t have a sister.“No,” she said sharply.', 'People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors.”She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn’t, so she went on.', 'I haven’t blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs.”Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said “The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.', '“Dad, Harry’s got something!”Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Uncle Vernon.“That’s mine!” said Harry, trying to snatch it back.“Who’d be writing to you?” sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it.', 'He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stick.“I want to read that letter,” he said loudly.“I want to read it,” said Harry furiously, “as it’s mine.”“Get out, both of you,” croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back inside its envelope.Harry didn’t move.“I WANT MY LETTER!” he shouted.“Let me see it!” demanded Dudley.“OUT!” roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind them.', '* * *On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy.“No post on Sundays,” he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, “no damn letters today —”Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head.', 'Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while.“Shake ’em off…shake ’em off,” he would mutter whenever he did this.They didn’t stop to eat or drink all day.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', '“I’ve still got the pieces, though,” he added brightly.“But you don’t use them?” said Mr. Ollivander sharply.“Oh, no, sir,” said Hagrid quickly.', 'We’ve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some.”Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron — Ron leapt forward, but before he’d so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell.Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyle’s knuckle — Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.', '“My old house, you know.”“Move along now,” said a sharp voice.', 'The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell’s turban straight into Harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on Harry’s forehead.“Ouch!” Harry clapped a hand to his head.“What is it?” asked Percy.“N-nothing.”The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.', 'He pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.', 'Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and held the broom steady.', 'If he finds all three of us I’ll tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you can back me up.”“You’ve got some nerve —” said Ron loudly.“Shut up, both of you!” said Harry sharply.', 'Their ears seemed sharper than usual.', 'All three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it couldn’t see them.“What’s that at its feet?” Hermione whispered.“Looks like a harp,” said Ron.', 'He expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at him any second, but nothing happened.', '“I wondered whether I’d be meeting you here, Potter.”“But I thought — Snape —”“Severus?” Quirrell laughed, and it wasn’t his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp.', 'At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.']	{'harp', 'hɑ:p', 'n. a chordophone that has a triangular frame consisting of a sounding board and a pillar and a curved neck; the strings stretched between the neck and the soundbox are plucked with the fingers\nn. a pair of curved vertical supports for a lampshade\nv. come back to\nv. play the harp', 'n. 竖琴\nvi. 弹奏竖琴, 不停地说'}
droop	['It wasn’t really a tune, but from the first note the beast’s eyes began to droop.']	{'dru:p', 'v. hang loosely or laxly', 'vi. 下垂, 消沉\nvt. 使下垂\nn. 低垂, 消沉', 'droop'}
tattered	[]	"{'s. worn to shreds; or wearing torn or ragged clothing', 'tattered', 'a. 破烂的, 褴褛的', ""'tætәd""}"
smelly	['They could feel the dog’s hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads.']	"{'a. 发臭的, 有臭味的', ""'smeli"", 'smelly', 's offensively malodorous'}"
thump	['Only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard.“I’m a what?” gasped Harry.“A wizard, o’ course,” said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good ‘un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit.', 'We won!” shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back.', 'With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft.']	{'thump', 'θʌmp', 'n. a heavy dull sound (as made by impact of heavy objects)\nn. a heavy blow with the hand\nv. hit hard with the hand, fist, or some heavy instrument', 'n. 重打, 重击声\nv. 重打, 撞击, 痛打'}
bark	['“And don’t ask questions.”Don’t ask questions — that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys.Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.“Comb your hair!” he barked, by way of a morning greeting.About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut.', 'An’ like I told yeh, I’m Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts — yeh’ll know all about Hogwarts, o’ course.“Er — no,” said Harry.Hagrid looked shocked.“Sorry,” Harry said quickly.“Sorry?” barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows.', 'They all ducked.“Go away, Peeves, or the Baron’ll hear about this, I mean it!” barked Percy.Peeves stuck out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on Neville’s head.', 'A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door.When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks.', 'She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk.“Well, what are you all waiting for?” she barked.', 'thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on him?But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of Flitwick’s class looking confused.“Follow me, you two,” said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.“In here.”Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.“Out, Peeves!” she barked.', 'There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped.']	{'bark', 'n. 树皮, 吠声\nvi. 吠, 叫骂\nvt. 喊出, 剥树皮', 'n. tough protective covering of the woody stems and roots of trees and other woody plants\nn. a noise resembling the bark of a dog\nn. a sailing ship with 3 (or more) masts\nn. the sound made by a dog', 'bɑ:k'}
snare	[]	{'n. a surgical instrument consisting of wire hoop that can be drawn tight around the base of polyps or small tumors to sever them; used especially in body cavities\nn. strings stretched across the lower head of a snare drum; they make a rattling sound when the drum is hit\nn. a trap for birds or small mammals; often has a slip noose', 'snєә', 'snare', 'n. 陷阱, 诱惑, 圈套\nvt. 以陷阱捕获, 诱惑'}
bluebell	['“ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?”“Oh, right!” said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant.']	"{'n sometimes placed in genus Scilla\nn one of the most handsome prairie wildflowers having large erect bell-shaped bluish flowers; of moist places in prairies and fields from eastern Colorado and Nebraska south to New Mexico and Texas\nn perennial of northern hemisphere with slender stems and bell-shaped blue flowers', ""'blu:bel"", 'bluebell', 'n. 开蓝色铃状花的植物'}"
unraveled	['Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.']	{'unraveled', 'ʌnˈrævəld', 'v become or cause to become undone by separating the fibers or threads of\nv disentangle\nv become undone', 'v. 解开, 拆散, 散开( unravel的过去式和过去分词 ); 阐明; 澄清; 弄清楚'}
drip	['Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because Harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.Maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didn’t seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.', 'Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.']	{'drip', 'n. flowing in drops; the formation and falling of drops of liquid\nn. the sound of a liquid falling drop by drop\nn. (architecture) a projection from a cornice or sill designed to protect the area below from rainwater (as over a window or doorway)\nv. fall in drops', 'n. 水滴\nv. (使)滴下'}
trickling	['Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free.“Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione,” said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.“Yeah,” said Ron, “and lucky Harry doesn’t lose his head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.”“This way,” said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward.All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls.']	"{""'trikliŋ"", 'trickling', 'v run or flow slowly, as in drops or in an unsteady stream', '[电] 移动'}"
clinking	['A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.']	"{'s. like the light sharp ringing sound of glasses being tapped', ""'kliŋkiŋ"", 'clinking', 'a. 叮当响的, 无比的, 无上的\nadv. 非常地'}"
brilliantly	['A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.']	"{'r. with brightness\nr. in an extremely intelligent way', ""'brijәntli"", 'adv. 辉煌地, 光亮地, 灿烂地', 'brilliantly'}"
arching	['“We must’ve been through hundreds of books already and we can’t find him anywhere — just give us a hint — I know I’ve read his name somewhere.”“I’m sayin’ nothin’, said Hagrid flatly.“Just have to find out for ourselves, then,” said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.They had indeed been searching books for Flamel’s name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal?', 'A soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead.“Do you think it’s a ghost?”“I don’t know…sounds like wings to me.”“There’s light ahead — I can see something moving.”They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.']	"{'arching', ""'ɑ:tʃiŋ"", 'v form an arch or curve\ns forming or resembling an arch', '[机] 拱作用, 架拱'}"
tumbling	['Firs’ years follow me!”Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path.', 'It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.']	"{'n the gymnastic moves of an acrobat\nv fall down, as if collapsing\nv cause to topple or tumble by pushing\nv roll over and over, back and forth\nv fly around\nv fall apart\nv throw together in a confused mass\nv understand, usually after some initial difficulty\nv fall suddenly and sharply\nv put clothes in a tumbling barrel, where they are whirled about in hot air, usually with the purpose of drying\nv suffer a sudden downfall, overthrow, or defeat\nv do gymnastics, roll and turn skillfully', 'n. 摔跤, 翻筋斗\na. 斜的', 'tumbling', ""'tʌmbliŋ""}"
vicious	['“They don’t look very vicious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at once…well, there’s no other choice…I’ll run.”He took a deep breath, covered his face with his arms, and sprinted across the room.']	"{'a. 邪恶的, 堕落的, 品性不端的, 恶毒的, 恶性的, 有错误的\n[医] 缺点的, 恶的', ""'viʃәs"", 'vicious', 's (of persons or their actions) able or disposed to inflict pain or suffering\ns having the nature of vice\ns bringing or deserving severe rebuke or censure\ns marked by deep ill will; deliberately harmful'}"
untouched	['He reached the door untouched.']	"{'untouched', 'a. 未触摸过的, 未改变的, 未受影响的', "".ʌn'tʌtʃt"", 's. still full\na. not having come in contact'}"
decoration	['Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out of their minds.A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter.', '“Tell yeh what, come with me an’ see the Great Hall, looks a treat.”So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.“Ah, Hagrid, the last tree — put it in the far corner, would you?”The hall looked spectacular.', 'They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.“Now what?” said Ron.“These birds…they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione.They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering?“They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly.', 'Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{'decoration', 'n. something used to beautify\nn. an award for winning a championship or commemorating some other event\nn. the act of decorating something (in the hope of making it more attractive)', 'n. 装饰, 装饰品', "".dekә'reiʃәn""}"
soaring	['They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.“Now what?” said Ron.“These birds…they can’t be here just for decoration,” said Hermione.They watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering?“They’re not birds!” Harry said suddenly.', 'We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.']	"{""'sɔ:riŋ 'sɔәr-"", 'a. 高飞的, 翱翔的, 高耸入云的, 崇高的, 高涨的\n[经] 飞涨的, 高涨的', 's. ascending to a level markedly higher than the usual', 'soaring'}"
winged	[]	{'a. having wings or as if having wings of a specified kind; \ns. very fast; as if with wings', 'a. 有翼的, 高速的, 迅速的, 飞行的, 翼受伤的', 'winged', 'wiŋd'}
squinted	['So that must mean…” he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys.']	{'skwɪntid', 'squinted', 'imp. & p. p. of Squint', 'v. <医>斜视( squint的过去式和过去分词 ); 眯着眼睛; 瞟; 从小孔或缝隙里看'}
flock	['When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest.“That was far easier than I thought it would be,” said Hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.', 'So that must mean…” he looked around the chamber while the other two squinted up at the flock of keys.']	{'n. 兽群, 鸟群, 一群人, 大量, 棉束\nvi. 成群而行, 聚集\nvt. 用棉束填满', 'n. a church congregation guided by a pastor\nn. a group of birds\nn. a group of sheep or goats\nv. move as a crowd or in a group', 'flock', 'flɒk'}
midst	['We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.']	{'n. 中间\nprep. 在...中间', 'n. the location of something surrounded by other things', 'midst'}
knack	['He had a knack for spotting things other people didn’t.', 'The two things most human beings would choose above all — the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.”Harry lay there, lost for words.']	{'knack', 'n a special way of doing something', 'næk', 'n. 熟练技术, 巧妙手法, 诀窍\n[化] 窍门'}
spotting	['He had a knack for spotting things other people didn’t.']	"{""'spɔtiŋ"", 'spotting', 'n the act of spotting or staining something\nn the act of detecting something; catching sight of something\nv catch sight of\nv detect with the senses\nv mar or impair with a flaw\nv make a spot or mark onto\nv become spotted\nv mark with a spot or spots so as to allow easy recognition', 'n. 测定点位；合模'}"
weaving	['After a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole.“That one!” he called to the others.']	{'', 'weaving', '[机] 织动', 'n. creating fabric'}
chessboard	['But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight.They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone.']	"{'n. 西洋象棋盘', ""'tʃesbɒ:d"", 'chessboard', 'n. a checkerboard used to play chess'}"
helmeted	['The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.“Do we — er — have to join you to get across?” The black knight nodded.']	{'helmeted', ' 头盔状的; 戴头盔', 'ˈhelmɪtɪd', 's. equipped with or wearing a helmet'}
offended	['Finally he said, “Now, don’t be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at chess —”“We’re not offended,” said Harry quickly.']	{'', 'offended', 'a. 不舒服, 生气', 's. hurt or upset'}
pawn	['Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that — that school — and came home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups into rats.', '“Yes…look…”A white pawn had moved forward two squares.Ron started to direct the black pieces.']	{'n. 典当, 抵押物, 人质, (象棋)兵, 马前卒, 工具\nvt. 当掉, 以...担保', 'pawn', 'pɒ:n', 'n. an article deposited as security\nn. (chess) the least powerful piece; moves only forward and captures only to the side; it can be promoted to a more powerful piece if it reaches the 8th rank\nn. borrowing and leaving an article as security for repayment of the loan\nv. leave as a guarantee in return for money'}
diagonally	['What if they lost?“Harry — move diagonally four squares to the right.”Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken.']	"{""dai'ægәnәli"", 'diagonally', 'adv. 对角地', 'r. in a diagonal manner'}"
limp	['Harry caught a glimpse of her face — and was startled to see that she was in tears.“I think she heard you.”“So?” said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.', 'Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping.', 'He limped over.', 'Five points from Gryffindor.”“He’s just made that rule up,” Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away.', 'Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall.']	{'v. walk impeded by some physical limitation or injury\nv. proceed slowly or with difficulty\ns. not firm\ns. lacking in strength or firmness or resilience', 'n. 跛行\na. 柔软的, 无力的, 软弱的\nvi. 跛行', 'limp'}
checkmate	['I take one step forward and she’ll take me — that leaves you free to checkmate the king, Harry!”“But —”“Do you want to stop Snape or not?”“Ron —”“Look, if you don’t hurry up, he’ll already have the Stone!”There was no alternative.“Ready?” Ron called, his face pale but determined.']	"{""n. complete victory\nn. a chess move constituting an inescapable and indefensible attack on the opponent's king\nv. place an opponent's king under an attack from which it cannot escape and thus ending the game"", ""'tʃekmeit"", 'checkmate', 'n. 击破, 彻底失败\nvt. 制止, 大败, 将死'}"
pounced	['“Here I go — now, don’t hang around once you’ve won.”He stepped forward, and the white queen pounced.']	{'v. 突然袭击( pounce的过去式和过去分词 ); 猛扑; 一眼看出; 抓住机会（进行抨击）', 'a. Furnished with claws or talons; as, the pounced young of\n   the eagle.\na. Ornamented with perforations or dots.', 'paʊnst', 'pounced'}
convince	"[""But then, he thought, as he shoved Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER THIRTEENNICHOLAS FLAMELD umbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk."", 'That’ll take a lot of explaining.”Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn’t.“If we just do a bit of poking around —”“No,” said Harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.”He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons.The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table.', 'With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.“What if he’s —?”“He’ll be all right,” said Harry, trying to convince himself.']"	"{'convince', 'vt. 说服, 使相信\n[法] 使确信, 使信服, 使人认识错误', 'v make (someone) agree, understand, or realize the truth or validity of something', ""kәn'vins""}"
watering	['Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.']	"{""'wɔ:tәriŋ"", 'n. wetting with water', 'n. 洒水, 冲淡, 搀水, 供水, 浇水, 灌溉, 排水渠\n[经] 虚报, 冲淡, 掺水', 'watering'}"
tackled	['Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on its head.“I’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” Harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.']	{'imp. & p. p. of Tackle\na. Made of ropes tacked together.', 'ˈtækld', 'tackled', 'v. 解决( tackle的过去式和过去分词 ); 应付; 与某人交涉; 向某人提起（问题或困难情况）'}
onward	['At the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'onward', 'r forward in time or order or degree\nr in a forward direction', 'a. 向前的, 前进的\nadv. 向前, 前进, 在先', ""'ɒnwәd""}"
nettle	['He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.', 'Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'nettle', 'n. 荨麻\nvt. 以荨麻刺, 激怒', 'n. any of numerous plants having stinging hairs that cause skin irritation on contact (especially of the genus Urtica or family Urticaceae)\nv. sting with or as with nettles and cause a stinging pain or sensation', ""'netl""}"
forevermore	['Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'adv. 永远', ""fә,revә'mɔ:"", 'forevermore', 'r at any future time; in the future'}"
slyly	['Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	"{'adv. 狡猾地, 秘密地, 俏皮地, 偷偷地', 'r in an artful manner', ""'slaili"", 'slyly'}"
dwarf	['Harry looked over her shoulder to read it:Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,One among us seven will let you move ahead,Another will transport the drinker back instead,Two among our number hold only nettle wine,Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:First, however slyly the poison tries to hideYou will always find some on nettle wine’s left side;Second, different are those who stand at either end,But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;Fourth, the second left and the second on the rightAre twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.“Brilliant,” said Hermione.']	{'n. a person who is markedly small\nn. a plant or animal that is atypically small\nv. check the growth of', 'dwarf', 'n. 矮子, 侏儒\nv. (使)变矮小', 'dwɒ:f'}
backfire	[]	"{'n. 逆火, 回火, 放火\nvi. 放逆火, 预先放火, 发生意外', 'backfire', 'n. a loud noise made by the explosion of fuel in the manifold or exhaust of an internal combustion engine\nn. a fire that is set intentionally in order to slow an approaching forest fire or grassfire by clearing a burned area in its path\nn. a miscalculation that recoils on its maker\nv. come back to the originator of an action with an undesired effect', "".bæk'faiә""}"
swallow	['Can you see how much better off he’ll be, growing up away from all that until he’s ready to take it?”Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, “Yes — yes, you’re right, of course.', 'Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn’t easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again.“We could phone Marge,” Uncle Vernon suggested.“Don’t be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.”The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn’t there — or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug.“What about what’s-her-name, your friend — Yvonne?”“On vacation in Majorca,” snapped Aunt Petunia.“You could just leave me here,” Harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley’s computer).Aunt Petunia looked as though she’d just swallowed a lemon.“And come back and find the house in ruins?” she snarled.“I won’t blow up the house,” said Harry, but they weren’t listening.“I suppose we could take him to the zoo,” said Aunt Petunia slowly, “…and leave him in the car.…”“That car’s new, he’s not sitting in it alone.…”Dudley began to cry loudly.', 'Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.', 'It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother — why, its brother gave you that scar.”Harry swallowed.“Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches.', 'Harry swallowed.“How exactly do they sort us into houses?” he asked Ron.“Some sort of test, I think.', 'Neville had been sobbing into Hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes.Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick — he hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into his hand.“I’ve got the Snitch!” he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in complete confusion.“He didn’t catch it, he nearly swallowed it,” Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — Harry hadn’t broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results — Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.', '“Why?”Harry swallowed — now what?“It’s sort of secret,” he said, but he wished at once he hadn’t, because Professor McGonagall’s nostrils flared.“Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago,” she said coldly.', '“That’s hardly one swallow.”They looked at each other.“Which one will get you back through the purple flames?”Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.“You drink that,” said Harry.', 'Sir, I —”“Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.”Harry swallowed and looked around him.']	"{'n. 燕子, 吞咽, 喉\nvt. 咽, 淹没, 吞没, 耗尽, 轻信, 忍受, 抑制\nvi. 吞下, 咽下', ""'swɒlәu"", 'n. a small amount of liquid food\nn. the act of swallowing\nn. small long-winged songbird noted for swift graceful flight and the regularity of its migrations\nv. pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking', 'swallow'}"
cleverness	['And cleverness!']	{'', 'n. 机灵；聪明', 'cleverness', 'n the power of creative imagination\nn intelligence as manifested in being quick and witty\nn the property of being ingenious'}
bravery	['There are more important things — friendship and bravery and — oh Harry — be careful!”“You drink first,” said Harry.', '“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.', '“It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.']	"{'n a quality of spirit that enables you to face danger or pain without showing fear\nn feeling no fear', ""'breivәri"", 'n. 勇敢', 'bravery'}"
pulpit	[]	"{'n a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it', 'pulpit', 'n. 讲道坛', ""'pulpit""}"
flooding	['He turned to face the black flames.“Here I come,” he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body.']	"{'n. 充溢, 泛滥, 血崩\n[计] 满屏幕; 扩散式路由选择', 'flooding', 'n a technique used in behavior therapy; client is flooded with experiences of a particular kind until becoming either averse to them or numbed to them\nv fill quickly beyond capacity; as with a liquid\nv cover with liquid, usually water\nv supply with an excess of\nv become filled to overflowing', ""'flʌdiŋ""}"
braced	['He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldn’t feel them — for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire — then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.There was already someone there — but it wasn’t Snape.']	{'breist', 'a. 撑牢的；拉牢的；支撑的', 'braced', 's. positioned so as to be ready for confrontation or danger\ns. held up by braces or buttresses'}
seventeenth	[]	"{'n. position 17 in a countable series of things\ns. coming next after the sixteenth in position', 'num. 第十七, 十七分之一', ""sevn'ti:nθ"", 'seventeenth'}"
treble	['“I wondered whether I’d be meeting you here, Potter.”“But I thought — Snape —”“Severus?” Quirrell laughed, and it wasn’t his usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp.']	"{'v. sing treble\ns. three times as great or many', 'n. 最高声部, 三倍\na. 三倍的, 最高声部的\nvt. 使增为三倍\nvi. 成为三倍', 'treble', ""'trebl""}"
overgrown	['So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat.']	"{"".әuvә'grәun"", 's. covered with growing plants\ns. abounding in usually unwanted vegetation', 'overgrown', 'a. 发育过度的, 生长过大的, 不合身的, 植被蔓生的\novergrow的过去分词'}"
nosy	['Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry.“You’re too nosy to live, Potter.']	"{'s. offensively curious or inquisitive', ""'nәuzi"", 'nosy', 'a. 大鼻子的, 好管闲事的, 爱打听的\nn. 大鼻者'}"
idly	['The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor.', '* * *“Wouldn’t it be better just to go home, dear?” Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn’t seem to hear her.', 'Dudley jerked awake.“Where’s the cannon?” he said stupidly.There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room.', 'It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise.', 'And do you learn much, up at the school?”“Erm —”“A bit,” said Hermione timidly.“A bit.', '“Trust Dumbledore to come up with something like this…but he’s in London…I’ll be far away by the time he gets back…”All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from concentrating on the mirror.“I saw you and Snape in the forest —” he blurted out.“Yes,” said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back.']	"{'idly', 'r. in an idle manner', 'adv. 懒惰地, 空闲地', ""'aidli""}"
frighten	['“It all gets so confusing if we keep saying ‘You-Know-Who.’ I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort’s name.”“I know you haven’t, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring.', 'Everyone knows you’re the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.”“You flatter me,” said Dumbledore calmly.', 'On my whistle — three — two —”But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch’s lips.“Come back, boy!” she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet.', 'Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor.The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.“RUN!” Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following — they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going — they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room.“I think we’ve lost him,” Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead.', 'His broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch.', 'When it bit me he told me off for frightening it.', 'I’m sorry,” Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, “but he’ll have a harder time frightenin’ you, an’ we’ve gotta get this done.”So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.', 'He was still shaking.“Snape wants the stone for Voldemort…and Voldemort’s waiting in the forest…and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich….”“Stop saying the name!” said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort could hear them.Harry wasn’t listening.“Firenze saved me, but he shouldn’t have done so.…Bane was furious…he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen….They must show that Voldemort’s coming back.…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me.…I suppose that’s written in the stars as well.”“Will you stop saying the name!” Ron hissed.“So all I’ve got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone,” Harry went on feverishly, “then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off ... Well, I suppose Bane’ll be happy.”Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.“Harry, everyone says Dumbledore’s the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of with Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won’t touch you.', '“Come on, I can’t breathe.”He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.“Snape’s,” said Harry.', 'Tried to frighten me — as though he could, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side….”Quirrell came back out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it.“I see the Stone…I’m presenting it to my master…but where is it?”Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn’t give.']	"{'frighten', 'v. cause fear in\nv. drive out by frightening', 'vt. 使惊吓\nvi. 惊恐', ""'fraitn""}"
spasm	['But he never wanted you dead.”“But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing — I thought Snape was threatening you.…”For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell’s face.“Sometimes,” he said, “I find it hard to follow my master’s instructions — he is a great wizard and I am weak —”“You mean he was there in the classroom with you?” Harry gasped.“He is with me wherever I go,” said Quirrell quietly.']	"{'spasm', 'n. a painful and involuntary muscular contraction\nn. (pathology) sudden constriction of a hollow organ (as a blood vessel)', 'n. 痉挛, 抽搐, 发作\n[医] 痉挛', ""'spæzm""}"
traveled	['“I met him when I traveled around the world.']	"{'a. 富有旅行经验的, 旅客常到的', 'a. traveled over or through; sometimes used as a combining term\ns. familiar with many parts of the world', 'traveled', ""'træv(ә)ld""}"
faithfully	['There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it…Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times.']	"{'r. in a faithful manner', 'adv. 忠实地, 诚心诚意地, 深信着地', 'faithfully', ""'feiθfuli""}"
displeased	['When I failed to steal the stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased.']	{'', 'displeased', 'a. 不快的；生气的', 'a. not pleased; experiencing or manifesting displeasure'}
incredibly	['Somehow — incredibly — he’d gotten the Stone.“Well?” said Quirrell impatiently.']	"{'incredibly', 'adv. 不能相信地', 'r. not easy to believe', ""in'kredәbli""}"
vapor	['“Mere shadow and vapor….I have form only when I can share another’s body…but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds…Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks…you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest…and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own….Now…why don’t you give me that Stone in your pocket?”So he knew.']	"{'n. a visible suspension in the air of particles of some substance', 'vapor', 'n. 汽, 蒸气\nvi. 蒸发\nvt. 使蒸发', ""'veipә""}"
faithful	['There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it…Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I have let him down many times.', '“Mere shadow and vapor….I have form only when I can share another’s body…but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds…Unicorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks…you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest…and once I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to create a body of my own….Now…why don’t you give me that Stone in your pocket?”So he knew.']	"{""'feiθful"", 'faithful', 'n. any loyal and steadfast following\na. steadfast in affection or allegiance\na. not having sexual relations with anyone except your husband or wife, or your boyfriend or girlfriend', 'a. 忠实的, 详确的, 可靠的\nn. 信徒'}"
begging	['“Better save your own life and join me…or you’ll meet the same end as your parents…They died begging me for mercy…”“LIAR!” Harry shouted suddenly.Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him.']	{'', 'n a solicitation for money or food (especially in the street by an apparently penniless person)\nv call upon in supplication; entreat\nv make a solicitation or entreaty for something; request urgently or persistently\nv ask to obtain free\nv dodge, avoid answering, or take for granted', 'v. 乞讨, 乞求；行乞（beg的现在分词形式）', 'begging'}
liar	['He got into his car and backed out of number four’s drive.It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar — a cat reading a map.', 'In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it.', 'You-Know-Who was one.”“Vol-, sorry —You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts?”“Years an’ years ago,” said Hagrid.They bought Harry’s school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all.', 'Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: “Firs’ years!', 'He was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban.And now there were only three people left to be sorted.']	"{'liar', ""'laiә"", 'n. 说谎者', 'n. a person who has lied or who lies repeatedly'}"
courageous	['“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.']	"{'a. 勇敢的, 大胆的, 有胆量的', 'courageous', 'a possessing or displaying courage; able to face and deal with danger or fear without flinching', ""kә'reidʒәs""}"
vain	['“I always value bravery….Yes, boy, your parents were brave…I killed your father first; and he put up a courageous fight…but your mother needn’t have died…she was trying to protect you…Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain.”“NEVER!”Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed “SEIZE HIM!” and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell’s hand close on his wrist.']	{'s characteristic of false pride; having an exaggerated sense of self-importance\ns unproductive of success', 'vein', 'a. 无价值的, 徒然的, 空虚的, 自负的, 愚蠢的', 'vain'}
seize	['He looked back at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it.He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.', 'OUT!”Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.', 'Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, “NEVER —” he thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE — IN — FRONT — OF — ME!”He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.', 'Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “The usual, Hagrid?”“Can’t, Tom, I’m on Hogwarts business,” said Hagrid, clapping his great hand on Harry’s shoulder and making Harry’s knees buckle.“Good Lord,” said the bartender, peering at Harry, “is this — can this be —?”The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.“Bless my soul,” whispered the old bartender, “Harry Potter…what an honor.”He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes.“Welcome back, Mr. Potter, welcome back.”Harry didn’t know what to say.', 'He seized his left ear and pulled.', 'Malfoy seized the package from Harry and felt it.“That’s a broomstick,” he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his face.', '“Can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful Dark magic — no kid could do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand.”At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.“What are you doing?” moaned Ron, gray-faced.“I knew it,” Hermione gasped, “Snape — look.”Ron grabbed the binoculars.', 'Marcus Flint seized the Quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing.“Come on, Hermione,” Ron muttered desperately.Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn’t even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.', '“A note fell out of it!”Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter.', 'He had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which Fred seized.“P for prefect!', '“Don’ worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’s this badly hurt, an’ then we’ll be able ter — GET BEHIND THAT TREE!”Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak.', 'We’ve got to catch the key to the door!”“But there are hundreds of them!”Ron examined the lock on the door.“We’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.”They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys.', 'They were trapped.“Look!” Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles.']	{'seize', 'vt. 抓住, 逮捕, 俘获, 没收, 扣押, 掌握\nvi. 突然抓住, 利用', 'si:z', 'v. take hold of; grab\nv. take or capture by force\nv. hook by a pull on the line\nv. affect'}
seared	['At once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.']	{'s. having the surface burned quickly with intense heat', 'seared', 'v. 烧焦( sear的过去式和过去分词 )', 'sɪəd'}
blistering	['The pain in his head lessened — he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers — they were blistering before his eyes.“Seize him!', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{'s. hot enough to raise (or as if to raise) blisters\ns. very fast; capable of quick response and great speed', 'blistering', ""'blistәriŋ"", '[计] 起泡, 生泡\n[医] 发疱, 发疱的'}"
lunged	['Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late — they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.“I never know,” Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart, “what’s the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?”“Stalagmite’s got an ‘m’ in it,” said Hagrid.', 'The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling he’d just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.He could see the High Table properly now.', 'I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must.”And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.Harry didn’t have a clue what was going on.“Why’s Bane so angry?” he asked.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	{'v make a thrusting forward movement', 'lʌŋd', 'lunged', 'a. 有肺的, 有...肺的'}
agony	['SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.', 'It was agony to touch a person marked by something so good.”Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.']	"{'n. 极大的痛苦, 挣扎\n[医] 濒死苦闷; 剧痛', 'agony', 'n. intense feelings of suffering; acute mental or physical pain\nn. a state of acute pain', ""'ægәni""}"
pinning	['Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which could happen to anyone, I’m sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor still in possession.”It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened.', 'SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{""'piniŋ"", 'n. a mutual promise of a couple not to date anyone else; on college campuses it was once signaled by the giving of a fraternity pin', 'pinning', '[电] 阻塞'}"
instinct	['SEIZE HIM!” shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet landing on top of him, both hands around Harry’s neck — Harry’s scar was almost blinding him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.“Master, I cannot hold him — my hands — my hands!”And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms — Harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.“Then kill him, fool, and be done!” screeched Voldemort.Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell’s face —“AAAARGH!”Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew: Quirrell couldn’t touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a curse.Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he could.']	"{'instinct', ""n. inborn pattern of behavior often responsive to specific stimuli\ns. (followed by `with')deeply filled or permeated"", 'n. 本能, 直觉\na. 充满着的', ""'instiŋkt""}"
grasp	['“Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.”“P-P-Potter,” stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you.”“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about it.', 'He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin.', 'Harry!”He felt Quirrell’s arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down…down… down….Something gold was glinting just above him.']	{'v. hold firmly', 'n. 把握, 抓紧, 理解, 抓, 柄, 控制\nvt. 抓住, 紧握, 领会\nvi. 抓', 'grasp', 'græsp'}
blackness	['Harry!”He felt Quirrell’s arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blackness, down…down… down….Something gold was glinting just above him.']	"{""'blæknis"", 'n the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white)\nn total absence of light', 'n. 黑, 黑色, 邪恶\n[化] 黑度', 'blackness'}"
swam	['The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him.“Good afternoon, Harry,” said Dumbledore.Harry stared at him.']	{'swim的过去式', 'v travel through water\nv be afloat either on or below a liquid surface and not sink to the bottom\nv be dizzy or giddy\nv be covered with or submerged in a liquid\nv move as if gliding through water', 'swam', 'swæm'}
linen	['He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.“Tokens from your friends and admirers,” said Dumbledore, beaming.']	"{'n. 亚麻布, 亚麻线, 亚麻制品\na. 亚麻布制的, 亚麻的', 'n. a fabric woven with fibers from the flax plant\nn. a high-quality paper made of linen fibers or with a linen finish\nn. white goods or clothing made with linen cloth', 'linen', ""'linin""}"
hygienic	['Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated it.”“How long have I been in here?”“Three days.']	"{'hygienic', 'a. 卫生学的, 卫生的, 促进健康的, 清洁的\n[医] 卫生的', 's. tending to promote or preserve health', ""hai'dʒi:nik""}"
distracted	['Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have come round, they have been extremely worried.”“But sir, the Stone —”“I see you are not to be distracted.']	"{'s. having the attention diverted especially because of anxiety', ""dis'træktid"", 'a. 心烦意乱的', 'distracted'}"
blankly	['As for the Stone, it has been destroyed.”“Destroyed?” said Harry blankly.']	"{'adv. 茫然地, 毫无表情地', 'r. without expression; in a blank manner', ""'blæŋkli"", 'blankly'}"
methinks	[]	"{'vi. 我想, 我以为, 据我看来', 'methinks', 'v. impers. It seems to me; I think. See Me.', ""mi'θiŋks""}"
hatred	['Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, could not touch you for this reason.']	"{""'heitrid"", 'n. 憎恨, 仇恨, 憎恶\n[法] 敌意, 憎恨, 憎恶', 'hatred', 'n the emotion of intense dislike; a feeling of dislike so strong that it demands action'}"
detest	['Is that true?”“Well, they did rather detest each other.']	"{'v dislike intensely; feel antipathy or aversion towards', 'vt. 厌恶, 憎恨', ""di'test"", 'detest'}"
dreamily	['And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.”“What?”“He saved his life.”“What?”“Yes…” said Dumbledore dreamily.']	"{'dreamily', ""'dri:mili"", 'adv. 爱梦想地, 梦似地, 朦胧地', 'r. in a dreamy manner'}"
unfortunate	['I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.']	"{'a. 不幸的, 不合适的, 不吉利的', 'n. a person who suffers misfortune\na. not favored by fortune; marked or accompanied by or resulting in ill fortune\ns. unsuitable or regrettable', 'unfortunate', "".ʌn'fɒ:tʃәnit""}"
vomit	['I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.']	"{'n. the matter ejected in vomiting\nn. the reflex act of ejecting the contents of the stomach through the mouth\nv. eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth', ""'vɒmit"", 'vomit', 'vt. 吐出, 呕吐\nvi. 呕吐\nn. 呕吐, 呕吐物, 催吐剂'}"
flavored	['George reckons he had a booger-flavored one once.”Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a corner.“Bleaaargh — see?', 'I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.']	{'flavored', 'v. 给…调味( flavor的过去式和过去分词 ); 给…增添风趣', 'v lend flavor to', 'ˈfleɪvəd'}
toffee	['I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come across a vomit flavored one, and since then I’m afraid I’ve rather lost my liking for them — but I think I’ll be safe with a nice toffee, don’t you?”He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth.']	"{'n. 乳脂糖, 太妃糖', ""'tɒfi:"", 'n caramelized sugar cooled in thin sheets', 'toffee'}"
resting	['Know what house you’ll be in yet?”“No,” said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.“Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know I’ll be in Slytherin, all our family have been — imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I’d leave, wouldn’t you?”“Mmm,” said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more interesting.“I say, look at that man!” said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window.', 'His school books were very interesting.', 'He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again.“Are all your family wizards?” asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him.“Er — Yes, I think so,” said Ron.', '“I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didn’t work.', 'There’s talent, A my goodness, yes — and a nice thirst to prove yourself, now that’s interesting….So where shall I put you?”Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not Slytherin.“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice.', 'Harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed.Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.“Everyone pick their favorite tune,” said Dumbledore, “and off we go!”And the school bellowed:“Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,Teach us something please,Whether we be old and baldOr young with scabby knees,Our heads could do with fillingWith some interesting stuff,For now they’re bare and full of air,Dead flies and bits of fluff,So teach us things worth knowing,Bring back what we’ve forgot,just do your best, we’ll do the rest,And learn until our brains all rot.”Everybody finished the song at different times.', 'His lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics.On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors.', 'She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read.Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it.', 'Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interesting looking book.', 'All my family are dead — let me have another look —”“You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.”“You’re only holding the Quidditch cup, what’s interesting about that?', 'I need to examine this interesting mirror.”It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell.', 'You need rest.”“I am resting, look, lying down and everything.']	"{'a. 静止的；休眠的', ""v not move; be in a resting position\nv take a short break from one's activities in order to relax\nv give a rest to\nv have a place in relation to something else\nv be at rest\nv stay the same; remain in a certain state\nv be inherent or innate in; \nv put something in a resting position, as for support or steadying\nv sit, as on a branch\nv rest on or as if on a pillow\nv be inactive, refrain from acting"", 'resting', ""'restiŋ""}"
fling	['In fact, he wasn’t really crying — it had been years since he’d really cried — but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let him spoil your special day!” she cried, flinging her arms around him.“I…don’t…want…him…t-t-to come!” Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs.', 'Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag.They drove.', 'One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)Please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tagsCOURSE BOOKSAll students should have a copy of each of the following:The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda GoshawkA History of Magic by Bathilda BagshotMagical Theory by Adalbert WafflingA Beginners’ Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric SwitchOne Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida SporeMagical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius JiggerFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt ScamanderThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin TrimbleOTHER EQUIPMENT1 wand1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2)1 set of glass or crystal phials1 telescope set1 brass scalesStudents may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toadPARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS“Can we buy all this in London?” Harry wondered aloud.“If yeh know where to go,” said Hagrid.Harry had never been to London before.', 'But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled?” said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern.“Er — yes, they did, yes,” said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.', 'I heard something.”It was a sort of snuffling.“Mrs.', '“Why isn’t he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?”“Search me.”Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snape’s fading footsteps.“He’s heading for the third floor,” Harry said, but Ron held up his hand.“Can you smell something?”Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.And then they heard it — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet.', 'Hagrid called “Who is it?” before he let them in, and then shut the door quickly behind them.It was stifling hot inside.', '“But five minutes only.”And she let Ron and Hermione in.“Harry!”Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.“Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to — Dumbledore was so worried —”“The whole school’s talking about it,” said Ron.']	{'fling', 'fliŋ', 'n. 投掷, 急冲, 嘲弄\nvt. 投, 丢下, 抛弃, 使陷入, 挥动, 嘲笑, 扫视\nvi. 猛冲', 'n. the act of flinging\nv. throw with force or recklessness\nv. move in an abrupt or headlong manner'}
rocker	['— ‘to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.’”“I always said he was off his rocker,” said Ron, looking quite impressed at how crazy his hero was.“So what happened to you two?” said Harry.“Well, I got back all right,” said Hermione.', 'It’s almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could….”“Yeah, Dumbledore’s off his rocker, all right,” said Ron proudly.']	"{""'rɒkә"", 'n. an attendant who rocks a child in a cradle\nn. a performer or composer or fan of rock music\nn. a teenager or young adult in the 1960s who wore leather jackets and rode motorcycles\nn. a trough that can be rocked back and forth; used by gold miners to shake auriferous earth in water in order to separate the gold', 'rocker', 'n. 摇的人, 摇杆\n[电] 摇杆'}"
bustled	['The points are all in and Slytherin won, of course — you missed the last Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you — but the food’ll be good.”At that moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over.“You’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT” she said firmly.After a good night’s sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.I want to go to the feast,” he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many candy boxes.']	{'v. 闹哄哄地忙乱, 奔忙( bustle的过去式和过去分词 ); 催促', 'bustled', 'imp. & p. p. of Bustle', 'ˈbʌsld'}
risky	['I can, can’t I?”“Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,” she said stiffly, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn’t realize how risky feasts could be.']	"{'a. 危险的', 's involving risk or danger\ns not financially safe or secure', 'risky', ""'riski""}"
indoors	['As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed.']	"{'indoors', 'adv. 在户内', 'r within a building', ""'in'dɒ:z""}"
grief	['I should be chucked out an’ made ter live as a Muggle!”“Hagrid!” said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.']	{'n. 伤心, 忧愁, 悲痛, 不幸, 灾难', 'n. intense sorrow caused by loss of a loved one (especially by death)\nn. something that causes great unhappiness', 'gri:f', 'grief'}
remorse	['I should be chucked out an’ made ter live as a Muggle!”“Hagrid!” said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.']	"{""ri'mɒ:s"", 'n. 懊悔, 良心不安, 自责, 同情\n[法] 悔恨, 自责, 懊悔', 'n a feeling of deep regret (usually for some misdeed)', 'remorse'}"
chuckle	['He chuckled and muttered, “I should have known.”He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket.', '“All right then.”Uncle Vernon chuckled.“Little tyke wants his money’s worth, just like his father.', '“What are you doing, checking for letter bombs?” He chuckled at his own joke.Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter.', 'He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, “Who are you?”The giant chuckled.“True, I haven’t introduced meself.', 'Uncle Vernon said sharply, “Don’t touch anything he gives you, Dudley.”The giant chuckled darkly.“Yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, Dursley, don’ worry.”He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the giant.', 'I don’t think I can be a wizard.”To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.“Not a wizard, eh?', 'Crabbe and Goyle chuckled.', 'I’ve got yeh a present.”“It’s not a stoat sandwich, is it?” said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.“Nah.']	"{'n. 咯咯的笑声, 轻笑\nvi. 咯咯的笑, 咕咕叫', ""'tʃʌkl"", 'chuckle', 'v. laugh quietly or with restraint'}"
checkup	['He had been held up by Madam Pomfrey’s fussing about, insisting on giving him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full.']	"{'n. a thorough physical examination; includes a variety of tests depending on the age and sex and health of the person', ""'tʃekʌp"", 'checkup', 'n. 审查, 鉴定, 健康检查'}"
decked	['It was decked out in the Slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate Slytherin’s winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row.']	{'a. 分层的；装了甲板的；铺面的；装饰的', 'dekt', 'v be beautiful to look at\nv decorate\nv knock down with force', 'decked'}
serpent	['A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.', 'In an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its place.']	"{'n. 巨蛇座, 蛇, 蛇形管, 狡猾的人', 'serpent', ""'sә:pәnt"", 'n. a firework that moves in serpentine manner when ignited\nn. an obsolete bass cornet; resembles a snake'}"
hush	"[""One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours’ time by Mrs. Dursley’s scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley....He couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: “To Harry Potter — the boy who lived!”HP 1 - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StoneCHAPTER TWOTHE VANISHING GLASSN early ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all."", 'Ron gasped.“I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione.', 'The Ministry of Magic has a job hushing them up, I can tell you.', 'A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the High Table.When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once.']"	{'n. (poetic) tranquil silence\nv. become quiet or still; fall silent\nv. cause to be quiet or not talk\nv. wash by removing particles', 'hush', 'n. 肃静, 安静, 沉默\nvt. (使)肃静, (使)安静, (使)缄默\ninterj. 嘘, 别作声', 'hʌʃ'}
waffle	['“And I must trouble you with an old man’s wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delicious feast.']	"{'n. pancake batter baked in a waffle iron', 'vi. 胡扯, 闲聊\nn. 华夫饼干, 胡扯\n[计] Waffle程序', ""'wɒfl"", 'waffle'}"
fuller	['Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.']	"{'fuller', 'n. 漂洗工, 套柄铁锤\n[机] 半圆型锤', 'n. United States jurist and chief justice of the United States Supreme Court (1833-1910)\nn. United States architect who invented the geodesic dome (1895-1983)\nn. a workman who fulls (cleans and thickens) freshly woven cloth for a living', ""'fulә""}"
stamping	['Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were…you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts.…“Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two.”A storm of cheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table.']	"{'[计] 冲压, 模压\n[化] 冲压; 标记', ""'stæmpiŋ"", 'v walk heavily\nv to mark, or produce an imprint in or on something\nv reveal clearly as having a certain character\nv affix a stamp to\nv treat or classify according to a mental stereotype\nv destroy or extinguish as if by stamping with the foot\nv form or cut out with a mold, form, or die\nv crush or grind with a heavy instrument\nv raise in a relief', 'stamping'}"
radish	['Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.']	"{""'rædiʃ"", 'n. pungent fleshy edible root\nn. radish of Japan with a long hard durable root eaten raw or cooked\nn. pungent edible root of any of various cultivated radish plants', 'n. 小萝卜', 'radish'}"
sunburn	['Yes…“First — to Mr. Ronald Weasley…”Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.“…for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points.”Gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver.']	"{'n. redness of the skin caused by exposure to the rays of the sun\nv. get a sunburn by overexposure to the sun', 'sunburn', 'n. 日炙, 晒斑, 晒焦, 晒黑\nvt.vi. (使)晒黑, (使)晒得退色, (使)晒焦', ""'sʌnbә:n""}"
downfall	['Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if he’d just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him.“Which means,” Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.”He clapped his hands.']	"{'downfall', ""'daunfɒ:l"", 'n. failure that results in a loss of position or reputation', 'n. 衰败, 大雨'}"
scraped	['Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one.']	{'skreipt', 'scraped', 'v scratch repeatedly\nv make by scraping\nv cut the surface of; wear away the surface of\nv bend the knees and bow in a servile manner\nv gather (money or other resources) together over time\nv bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of\nv dispose of (something useless or old)\nv have a disagreement over something\nv make into scrap or refuse', 'v. 刮掉(scrape的过去式和过去分词); 擦伤'}
abysmal	['Even Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one.']	"{'a. 深不可测的, 无底的', ""ә'bizmәl"", 's. very great; limitless\ns. resembling an abyss in depth; so deep as to be unmeasurable', 'abysmal'}"
boarding	['It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	"{""'bɒ:diŋ"", 'n. 木板\n[机] 起纹', 'n. the act of passengers and crew getting aboard a ship or aircraft\nn. a structure of boards', 'boarding'}"
greener	['It was a shame, but as Ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life.And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, Neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the holidays (“I always hope they’ll forget to give us these,” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating Bettie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at King’s Cross Station.It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.']	"{'n. 生手', 'greener', 's of the color between blue and yellow in the color spectrum; similar to the color of fresh grass\na concerned with or supporting or in conformity with the political principles of the Green Party\na not fully developed or mature; not ripe\ns looking pale and unhealthy\ns naive and easily deceived or tricked', ""'gri:nә""}"
wizened	['A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn’t attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.“You must come and stay this summer,” said Ron, “both of you — I’ll send you an owl.”“Thanks,” said Harry, “I’ll need something to look forward to.” People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world.']	"{'a. 干枯的, 枯萎的, 干瘪的, 消瘦的', 's lean and wrinkled by shrinkage as from age or illness', ""'wiznd"", 'wizened'}"
alarming	['A wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didn’t attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.“You must come and stay this summer,” said Ron, “both of you — I’ll send you an owl.”“Thanks,” said Harry, “I’ll need something to look forward to.” People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway back to the Muggle world.']	"{'alarming', 'a. frightening because of an awareness of danger', 'a. 使人惊恐的, 引起惊恐的', ""ә'lɑ:miŋ""}"
mustached	['“Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley.”“Oh, it was nothing, dear.”“Ready, are you?”It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people.']	"{'mustached', ""mə'stɑːʃ"", 'n. [美国英语]；髭；小胡子', 's having a moustache'}"
